(Hong Kong (CNN) China's Tiangong-1 space lab was billed as a potent symbol of the country's rise when it launched in 2011.  Now, the lab is out of control and expected to crash-land on Earth by the end of March -- posing a minuscule risk to humans but inflicting a blot on the nation's bold push to become a space superpower.  "They have a PR embarrassment on their hands," said Jonathan McDowell, an astrophysicist at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. "The actual danger is small, but it is accepted international best practice nowadays that objects that big shouldn't be able to fall out of the sky in this manner."  Space experts stress the potential danger to humans is minimal -- the odds of debris from the vessel hitting a human are astronomically tiny, estimated to be less than one in 1 trillion. That compares with a one-in-1.4 million chance of a person in the US being struck by lightning.  In the best-case and most likely scenario, the space lab will largely burn up as it enters Earth's atmosphere over the ocean and a few parts will sink to the sea floor.  "The worst realistic case is that the Tiangong-1 reenters over a highly populated area, and a few largest chunks hit the ground, with perhaps some minor property damage," McDowell said. "But this has never happened in the 60-year history of reentering space debris. The chances are small."  Tiangong-1 stops functioning  The 8.5-ton, 40-foot Tiangong-1, or "Heavenly Palace," was launched in September 2011 . Along with its successor -- the Tiangong-2 , which launched in 2016 -- it was a prototype for China's ultimate space goal: a permanent, 20-ton space station that is expected to launch around 2022.  It's part of ambitious space plans that also include putting a man on the moon and sending a rover to Mars.  "The original plan was for it to be retired soon after and sent under control into the ocean, but they were worried that its successor, Tiangong-2, might not get into orbit successfully, so they decided to keep the Tiangong-1 around as a backup," McDowell said.  China may have lost control of the lab because it ran out of fuel, said Roger Handberg, a professor at the University of Central Florida.  Six months after Tiangong-1 went offline, Tiangong-2 went into orbit successfully.  "While the Chinese would have, of course, preferred this event not to happen, this does not present a threat to their long-term human spaceflight plans," said Joan Johnson-Freese, a professor and former chair of national security affairs at the US Naval War College in Rhode Island.  The Shenzhou-10 spaceship awaits a launch. It docked with the Tiangong-1 space in lab in 2013.  Fuel remnants could pose risk  As of December 24, Tiangong-1 was 286.5 kilometers (178 miles) up, compared with 348.3 kilometers (216 miles) in March, according to a weekly update on the space lab's location published at the website of China's manned space program  In its UN submission anticipating the craft's fall to Earth, China said "most parts of Tiangong will be burned and destroyed in the process of reentering the atmosphere."  "It's of little probability that it will cause harm to aviation or ground activities," China stated.  One risk is that humans could come into contact with remnants of the toxic hydrazine rocket fuel that might remain in the space vessel, Johnson-Freese said.  "Worst case, it hits a populated area and curious individuals decide to investigate, thereby coming into contact with the hydrazine," she said.  Breathing hydrazine for short periods may cause coughing and irritation of the throat and lungs, convulsions, tremors or seizures, according to the US Agency for Toxic Substances  Landing's location, timing in flux  Though China has said it expects Tiangong-1 to crash-land by late March, unpredictable space weather in the outer atmosphere in the form of solar flares makes it hard to predict exactly when and where that will happen, McDowell said. He estimates the earliest reentry would be at the end of February.  Experts say they know roughly the latitude at which the craft will land, putting places like Canada and the United Kingdom in the clear.  But despite the international attention, it's very likely the reentry will go unnoticed by most people.  "Secret missile warning satellites will see a big flare in infrared when it burns up, but that information doesn't usually come out to the public for a few hours," McDowell said. "Unless it's over a place where people actually see it happening, we won't know until it's all over."  Debris could offer insight  China's path to the stars has so far avoided fatal incidents like the Challenger and Columbia disasters that killed 14 US astronauts, but it's not always been smooth. In 2007, it shot down one of its weather satellites 853 kilometers (530 miles) above Earth.  The strike, which resulted in tens of thousands of pieces of debris, has forced the International Space Station to maneuver several times to avoid collisions -- a scenario that played out to dramatic effect in the Oscar-winning movie, "Gravity."  If wreckage from the Tiangong-1 falls on land, it could potentially provide some insight into China's space program.  "It would be an opportunity for Western analysts to look at remnants of China space hardware. That's a risk for the Chinese," said Michael Listner, a lawyer and space law expert.  Meantime, China has ratified two international treaties that would require it recover any wreckage and assume liability for damage, Listner said.  Space debris falls often  It's common for space debris, such as spent satellites and rocket stages, to fall to Earth. In 2017, five objects heavier than 3 tons made uncontrolled reentries, McDowell said. All five melted as they entered the Earth's atmosphere, he said.  When the Skylab space station reentered the Earth's atmosphere in 1979, parts of it hit Western Australia.  The last human space outpost to fall to Earth was the 135-ton Russian space station Mir in 2001 . That was a controlled landing, with most parts burning up upon return and the rest landing in the ocean.  A close-up view of the solar array panel on Russia's Mir space station shows damage incurred by the impact in 1997 of a Russian unmanned resupply ship.) = 1
(London (CNN) Britain will leave the European Union on March 29, 2019 -- but quite what Brexit will entail depends on who you listen to.  In the early days, Brexit supporters talked of making Britain a "colossal success" and forging the country's own path in the world while keeping a "deep and special partnership" with Europe.  But now, as the reality of Brexit becomes clearer, the rhetoric has been dialed back.  Starting off  Newly installed as Prime Minister in July 2016, Theresa May struck a bullish tone, promising that "Brexit means Brexit." At first, the slogan appeared decisive -- but in the absence of more concrete definition, it became quickly mocked.  Amid much talk of a "hard Brexit" or a "soft Brexit," May then promised a "red, white and blue Brexit," which sounded patriotic but again gave little in the way of detail. But she remained positive, insisting Britain would be leaving the European Union, rather than leaving Europe, while repeatedly advocating that "deep and special partnership" with the EU.  Her decision to hold a snap election in June last year brought lexical complications. Instead of receiving her desired strengthened mandate, May's vote collapsed and she was forced instead into a deal with the Democratic Unionist Party of Northern Ireland to prop up her government.  That deal brought a whole new raft of problems, especially the thorny issue of the Northern Irish border. Pressured for answers over the rights of European citizens, the Brexit divorce bill and Northern Ireland, May's go-to phrase became the apparently reassuring, "nothing is agreed until everything is agreed."  But even with a transitional deal now agreed, Brexit politicians still face challenges that must be explained, not least the future relationship between the UK and EU.  Brexit secretary David Davis, appointed as the man to lead Britain in negotiations, began by promising "there will be no downside to Brexit, only a considerable upside."  Fast-forward to February 2018 and the rhetoric has changed markedly, Davis instead seeking to assure that Britain will not be "plunged into a Mad Max-style world borrowed from dystopian fiction."  So how did Brexit move from having no downside to reassuring that the country would be saved from a "race to the bottom"?  In September, Davis told a UK parliamentary committee that "nobody has ever pretended this would be simple or easy" -- a comment met with laughter, as Liam Fox, the government's international trade secretary, had previously said exactly that.  If you didn't want to take Fox's word for it, there were the comments of UKIP's Gerard Batten who said that trade relations with the EU could be sorted out in "an afternoon over a cup of coffee."  Or you could even listen to Davis' assertion that "within minutes of a vote for #Brexit CEO's would be knocking down Chancellor Merkel's door, demanding access to the British market."  You can't blame government ministers for wanting to talk things up. After all, the reality often appears so grim. Prospects of a bespoke trade deal with the EU, as Davis had promised, appear thin. Add to that the leak of government papers which suggest the UK economy would be severely hit by leaving the EU.  Unfortunately, with a tendency to make unguarded off-the-cuff remarks, Davis hasn't always helped himself.  "What's the requirement of my job? I don't have to be very clever, I don't have to know that much, I do just have to be calm," Davis told LBC Radio in December, in an interview leapt on by his opponents.  Like Davis, Fox has also courted controversy with his comments, particularly over the UK's quest to secure a free trade deal with the EU.  "The free trade agreement that we will have to do with the European Union should be one of the easiest in human history," he said.  Unfortunately for Fox, his prediction landed somewhat wide of the mark.  Negotiations have been anything but easy. Britain has been accused of "cherry picking" and "having its cake and eating it," while Fox's own former adviser Martin Donnelly said Brexit was like "giving up a three- course meal for the promise of a packet of crisps."  To continue the food analogy, Fox remains ravenous in his pursuit of trade deals and has been traveling across the globe to drum up interest.  But even Fox is beginning to change his tune over the negotiations with the EU.  "I don't think they're [the negotiations] difficult in terms of the trade law or the trade negotiations themselves. The difficulty is the politics," he said in October 2017.  Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has been at the forefront of Brexit from the start. He became a central fixture in the leave campaign, steering the country out of the European Union and declaring it would be a "Titanic success." (It was perhaps not the best choice of words, on reflection.)  In June 2016 Johnson said that even if the UK left the EU, "there will continue to be free trade, and access to the single market."  Fast forward to February 2018 and Johnson is backtracking, claiming that the economic benefits of single market membership "are nothing like as conspicuous or irrefutable as is sometimes claimed."  The UK government has already said it will withdraw from the single market and the customs union, rendering Johnson's remarks of June 2016 superfluous.  The EU is not messing around either. EU Council President Donald Tusk says any agreement on trade between the two parties will "make it more complicated and costly than today for all of us. This is the essence of Brexit."  While a deal on Britain's payment of the Brexit divorce bill, rights of EU citizens and Northern Ireland was agreed in December, Johnson is only too aware of the division within public opinion.  And the man who once said that Britain would make a "titanic success" of Brexit, has also adopted a more conciliatory tone in recent weeks.  Johnson's speech on February 14 was billed as a love letter to remainers, reaching out to those who "still have anxieties" by telling them "Brexit can be grounds for much more hope than fear."  But perhaps, with just a year to go until Britain leaves the EU, the last word is best left to outspoken leave supporter and Conservative MP, Jacob Rees-Mogg. The upcoming transition period would be tough, but worth the wait: Akin to "purgatory before getting into heaven.") = 1
((CNN) 2017 was a year when discussions of press freedom and the media's choices reached a new level of intensity.  White House briefings, presidential tweets and rallies critiqued the media.  Journalists pushed back, while engaging in lively debate about the ways they approach their work.  And, perhaps fittingly, the year is about to end with the release of "The Post," a Steven Spielberg film, starring Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks, that retells the story of how an administration tried, and ultimately failed, to stop newspapers from printing a damning government report about the Vietnam War.  Despite the news coverage, the Hollywood treatment and the millions of words of commentary about these issues, just how much do most of us truly understand about why journalists do what they do and why the Constitution affords protection for free expression?) = 1
((CNN) They're not slumped over in alleyways with used needles by their sides. Their dignity, at least from outside appearances, remains intact. They haven't lost everything while chasing an insatiable high.  They are functioning heroin addicts -- people who hold down jobs, pay the bills and fool their families.  For some, addiction is genetic; they're wired this way. For others, chronic pain and lack of legal opioids landed them here. Or experimentation got them hooked and changed everything.  What addicts have in common, according to experts, is a disease that has more to do with their brains than the substances they use. About 85% of people can take a pain pill, for example, and never crave it again.  This is a story about the others, those traveling the dangerous road of functional addiction. What works for them now, experts explain, can easily and lethally be derailed.  Hanging in the balance are people you may never imagine: peers, co-workers and neighbors. Loved ones, bosses and teachers. Respected members of your community who, for the benefit of everyone's understanding, want to be heard.  After CNN gave voice last fall to addicts on skid row , the sorts we think of when we picture "heroin addict," I set out to tell this overlooked part of the heroin story.  Being a functioning addict hinges on heroin use staying hush-hush, so we agreed to change the names of those willing to open up.  'All smiles and happiness at work'  Loving and successful parents, good schools, a great upbringing in the Midwest: Todd can't point to anything that drove him to drugs. He was a typical suburban high school student who dabbled in weed. Then, at 15, he popped a Percocet his mother left lying around while she was recovering from surgery.  "The feeling in my head was, 'I want to feel like this for the rest of my life,' " Todd says. "It was the perfect drug for me."  The 11 years since have been a dance with opioid addiction, even as he graduated from college and embarked on a successful career in corporate management. Now 26, he has gone stretches where he's been sober, but the pull is strong and keeps yanking him back.  He's done heroin for periods of time and says it's "fantastic," but shooting up isn't his style. His preference, assuming he can find them, is to buy more expensive opioids. For a long time, OxyContin was his drug of choice; now he prefers Opana and, if he can't get that, Subutex.  He makes good money, which means he can afford his $350- to $600-a-week habit.  He's figured out how much to take so he doesn't feel the pains of withdrawal, which is now his goal -- rather than getting a full-on high. His sweet spot: 60 milligrams of Opana.  "I don't know how to describe withdrawal. It's like the worst flu you've ever had in your life -- and then multiply that by 1,000," he says. "There's a scraping inside your brain. You're willing to do anything to feel better."  To avoid that hell, Todd often lives a lie. He's "all smiles and happiness at work," he says, and he spins tales to guard his secret. He might say he's in one city when he's really in another. That quick trip he says he's taking to McDonald's could be to meet his dealer at Burger King. When he's used heroin, he's explained the bruises on his arm by telling people he has diabetes or an infectious disease. He once told a pharmacist he was a science teacher in need of syringes for experiments. He's invented the deaths of family members to get days off.  But death is very much a reality in his life.  His last serious girlfriend also used drugs and died from an overdose. Over the past six years, he's lost seven people he cares about to addiction.  He'd like to find love, build a relationship and have a family but says, "It would be dishonest, and I never want to hurt anybody. That's the biggest problem."  He knows that he has a lot to live for, but he often forgets that and struggles to imagine a future. And because he can't stray far from his dealer, a dream he does have remains on hold indefinitely.  "I've always wanted to see the world," he says. "I've never been outside the country because I can't leave. I'm f***ing chained where I'm at. It's a f***ing prison."  The sign of an addict  The sensation Todd had the first time he popped a Percocet, that feeling he wanted to hold onto for the rest of his life, was the giveaway. He, like 10% or 15% of people, has the disease of addiction, explains Dr. Stuart Gitlow, past president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine  What offers no special high for most people or may even make them feel queasy became Todd's aspiration. And part of the problem, says Gitlow, is that "you don't know in advance what person you're going to be."  Todd may be functioning now, but Gitlow warns that tolerances and doses often change. As an addictive disease progresses, it is also influenced by life events and stressors. What happens if Todd loses his job someday or can't afford his preferred pills?  "They all start out functioning," he says. "The bulk of people taking heroin are probably functioning. It's only in the end stage that they're nodding off in an alley and have a pretty good shot of dying."  What Todd needs, Gitlow says, is help from a doctor who is certified in addiction medicine and can treat his disease. The vast majority, or 80%, of those who seek appropriate treatment and adhere to their treatment recommendations do well, he says.  Not a unique story  It didn't start with a pill for Lisa. Her first addiction took hold at 12, when she began cutting herself.  Carving into her flesh released dopamine in her brain, giving her a high, she says. The first time she did it, she never anticipated a rush. She was overwhelmed emotionally and simply acting out. But cutting became her way to self-medicate because it offered her solace, easing the emotional pain of living in a household full of screaming.  Now, at 23, Lisa opts for heroin. And because of it and other opioids she's used, "I hurt myself a lot less."  The difference now is that she, like Todd, no longer seeks a high. When she shoots up each morning, she insists, "I just do enough to stay well" through the day and not feel physical pain.  She works hard, always has. She excelled in her college-prep private school, where she was dubbed "gifted and talented," she says. She takes her job as a store manager seriously and enjoys a supportive marriage. No one at work knows that her day begins with a call to her dealer. If she has track marks, a simple long-sleeved shirt hides the evidence.  How she found heroin, she says, is not unique.  Long plagued by tendonitis in her knees and two herniated discs in her back, Lisa tried everything. Steroid injections gave her migraines, and her stomach couldn't handle anti-inflammatories. Physical and aquatic therapies offered little relief, as did deep-tissue massage. Finally, four years ago, a physician wrote out a prescription for pain pills.  She found comfort in those legal opioids. But then came the crackdown on opioid prescriptions, she says, effectively ending her lawful pain management.  Once her pills ran out, she turned to buying them on the street. They were hard to find, though, and the cost became prohibitive. An old friend, a heroin user, suggested that she give his drug a try.  "I can't find pills, I'm in pain, and it's really cheap," she remembers telling herself. "What happened to me is what happened to thousands and thousands of people."  Where she lives in Texas, near the Mexican border, the price of heroin can't be beat. One pill might cost her $50, but she can get half a gram of heroin, which is far more potent, for $20. The same product, she says, would cost up to five times as much in other parts of the country.  "If I moved somewhere where it was $100," she says, "I'd quit."  Her husband doesn't do drugs. He barely drinks. And although he'd prefer she kick the habit altogether, he's committed to being by her side -- so much that he keeps Narcan, the overdose antidote drug, in their home and has watched training videos to learn how to administer it in case she overdoses.  "He loves me enough that he's willing to stay with me," Lisa says. "That's a key component to keeping me from going off the deep end."  Lisa says a small handful of friends know that she uses heroin. Everyone else, her family included, believes she's hooked on "just pills." It's easier that way. Pills and other vices don't come with the same sort of judgment.  "People drink, and we think nothing of it. You do heroin, and you're the scum of the earth," she says. "People will cut you out of their lives."  Everybody's problem  Heroin users weren't always "the scum of the earth." In the late 19th century, it was a trademark name for an over-the-counter drug made by Bayer.  Today, there are politics behind which drugs are demonized and which aren't, and much of that is rooted in racism, says Dr. Michael Miller, who preceded Gitlow as president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine.  White socialites snorting cocaine in an Aspen ski lodge are forgiven, while inner-city blacks smoking crack -- just another form of cocaine -- are vilified and locked away, Miller explains. Heroin was romanticized when musicians used it, he says, but after black kids in coastal cities got hold of it, the perception changed and stuck.  Now, with the explosion of the opioid epidemic and the emergence of heroin as a less expensive alternative, it's become everybody's problem -- white or black, rich or poor, on the coasts or in middle America, no matter whether you live in a city, suburb or rural community.  That's how Lisa got roped in and learned to keep a secret.  She admits that the management of her addiction hinges in large part on her husband being by her side. But what if he leaves? What if life tosses her another kind of doozy? How much heroin would she need to ease her pain then?  "She has no coping skills. She's right at the edge," Gitlow says. "What if her dealer gets arrested and her new dealer mixes in fentanyl? Boom. She's dead."  'Like downing a beer'  Not everyone I spoke to considers themselves addicts. Enter Matthew.  For as long as Matthew can remember, he's battled anxiety and depression. Beyond prescriptions like Xanax or Valium, he began self-medicating at 19 with marijuana and LSD, he says.  An arrest for possession of pot and LSD with intent to distribute landed him on probation. Facing regular drug tests that would detect cannabis, he turned to harder drugs that wouldn't stay in his urine as long. That's how Matthew, 28, first tried oxycodone.  Later, a doctor would prescribe opioids for chronic stomach pain, a condition he's had for six years.  It's the sort of pain, he says, that used to leave him racing to bathrooms so frequently, he couldn't keep a job. Multiple GI doctors have tried to help him. Only prescribed opioids and marijuana have offered relief.  Raised in the Eastern US, he now lives in rural Northern California and works as a consultant in the cannabis industry. He doesn't hide his marijuana use or his dependence on pain medications.  It's the powdered heroin he purchases on the dark net, the stuff he snorts in the bathroom a few times a day, that he keeps to himself. He says he uses it only when his prescriptions or insurance coverage lapse.  He's never used heroin intravenously. Having gone back and forth between pharmaceuticals and illegal supplies, he says he's able to use a milligram scale to carefully measure how much of the powder to take.  "It's similar to a dose of Percocet." he says. "The effect would be like downing a beer or a cocktail."  He doesn't use a lot and says he snorts only about $5 of heroin a day. He's stopped in spurts and has written down pro and con lists to see whether he can move on. The pros keep winning out.  "I just don't find sober me is the best me," he says.  Having a secret can be isolating, he says, but otherwise, heroin has not hindered his life. Rather, Matthew says, "It's changed my life for the better."  Not only does it help with the pain, he says, it constipates him, allowing him to ditch the bathroom and get out of the house.  "I'm dependent," he says. "But I wouldn't necessarily call myself an addict."  The crippling truth  Matthew is kidding himself, experts say.  "Denial is a crippling component of addictive disease," Gitlow said. "Here we have a well-documented illustration of that deadly component."  Starting at 19, the signs were there when Matthew turned to drugs rather than "conventional coping mechanisms," Gitlow explains. Someone without the addictive disease might have tried those drugs for temporary relief but then realized they weren't worth the long-term risk.  Matthew's belief that he doesn't have a problem, Gitlow says, is no different from a man with hypertension or diabetes pretending there's nothing wrong with him.  Plus, using heroin and other opioids changes brain chemistry, says Siobhan Morse, director of clinical services for the Foundations Recovery Network.  The natural way a body manages pain or stress, Morse says, is by producing endorphins.  "If you're giving it the artificial substance," she explains, the brain thinks it doesn't have to make the real thing. "So when you take away the artificial substance, everything is so painful."  And for people like Matthew who have coexisting mental health issues such as anxiety or depression, self-medication with opioids can make those matters worse, Morse adds. She describes the combination as a "moving target."  Eventually, she and other experts say, Matthew's drug use will catch up with him.  "I've never met anyone who's indefinitely held it down being a heroin addict," Morse says.  The fall of 'Superwoman'  Rebecca has been using for more than three decades -- longer than Matthew, Todd and Lisa combined. She is surprised to still be alive.  She grew up in an upper-middle-class household in a tony suburb in the South where she was raised more by the housekeeper than her parents. Her mother was checked out; her father had mistresses and often traveled.  "I didn't have any boundaries," says Rebecca, 59. "I could do whatever I wanted, which was a recipe for disaster."  Starting at 12, she tried every narcotic she could find. At 15, the man who was her drug dealer and boyfriend introduced her to heroin.  "I was in love," she says of the drug. "It became the love of my life."  One day, she was sleeping on the couch in her family's home when an older sister pinned her down, rolled up one of her sleeves and called out her track marks.  "Mom didn't bat an eye," Rebecca remembers. Instead, she shrugged it off, saying, "Jewish people aren't addicts."  Her father, when he was around, was more a friend than a parent. He partied with Rebecca and gave her Quaaludes, she says.  Rebecca eventually married the drug dealer-boyfriend, and they had a daughter. But the marriage was short-lived.  Divorced and 24, Rebecca went into treatment after her daughter turned 3. Rebecca knew that she was unfit to be a parent and feared she'd lose her daughter forever. It was the first of some 20 times she'd check into a treatment facility for help.  Along the way, she re-married; husband No. 2 died of a heroin overdose.  Rebecca met her third husband in treatment and stayed sober for eight years. They had two more children and a comfortable lifestyle, enjoying the sort of privileges she knew growing up. But when this marriage fell apart, so did she.  "That was when I started to spiral down," Rebecca says. "As soon as I started using, it was immediate. ... It was like I never stopped using."  Even as Rebecca returned to heroin, spending $100 or more a day, she built a career in corporate travel, working for big-name companies.  "As long as I didn't run out [of heroin] and get sick, I was like Superwoman," she says of her job performance. "If I had come in and said I was a heroin addict, people would have laughed."  Years of use caught up with her. Lunchtime runs to see her dealer grew longer and became lies about flat tires or broken-down cars. She bounced around between five or six companies, taking extended leaves to go into treatment or try to detox at home. She kept overdosing. A $30,000 mistake at work got her fired.  "People kept saying, 'You're going to die,' " Rebecca says. "The problem with me wasn't that I was going to die, it's that I was going to live."  Her kids were mostly raised by other family members and knew her at her worst. They'd see her after overdoses and visit her in the "nasty places" she called home. "It was just awful," says Rebecca, who's still working to repair the relationships she frayed.  Today, Rebecca is three years sober.  The last time she entered treatment, she says, "something clicked, and I remember thinking, 'I can't do this anymore.' "  She was "sick and tired of being sick and tired," she says. "I didn't have it in me anymore to keep doing what it took to stay high."  Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.  Rebecca is not the only member of her family who's struggled. One relative is an alcoholic, another is also a heroin addict, and a third -- who won't touch heroin because of Rebecca -- is hooked on pain pills.  "It's in the genes," Rebecca says. "No doubt."  She has seven grandchildren and is determined to be a better grandmother than she was a parent. She lives with a friend in an apartment and works part time for a sober living community.  "If there's any regret, it's that I've missed decades," Rebecca says. "I just thought I wasn't going to live, so I never worried about getting old."  She is fighting to make the rest of her life matter, all the while knowing -- based on decades of experience -- how easily she could slip again.  One lapse, one moment of weakness or overconfidence that she can handle it, and everything Rebecca is building up could come crashing down and, quite possibly, bury her.) = 1
(Story highlights Rory McIlroy wins the Arnold Palmer Invitational  It's McIlroy's first tournament win since September 2016  Tiger Woods finishes in a tie for fifth place  (CNN) With the Masters just around the corner, golf's biggest hitters are flexing their muscles.  One week after Tiger Woods excited sport fans with his best showing since 2013, Rory McIlroy served notice of his return to form by surging to his first tournament win since September 2016 at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.  A stunning eight-under-par 64 ensured McIlroy finished three strokes clear of Bryson DeChambeau, with Woods ending the weekend 10 under in a tie for fifth.  It was some reversal in fortunes for McIlroy, who missed the cut at last week's Valspar Championship.  "You're never far away from producing golf like what I did today," the four-time major winner told the PGA Tour's official website.) = 1
(Robert A. Levy is chairman of the Cato Institute. He served as co-counsel to the plaintiffs in District of Columbia v. Heller. The views expressed in this commentary are solely his.  (CNN) Perhaps the most blatant symptom of the cultural divide in America is the post-Parkland call to repeal the Second Amendment -- most recently jump-started by retired Supreme Court Associate Justice John Paul Stevens. He writes in The New York Times that repeal "would be simple" and "would eliminate the only legal rule that protects sellers of firearms in the United States." That's indisputably incorrect on both counts.  The notion that repeal would be simple is a fantasy. Two-thirds of both houses of Congress would have to craft the repeal, which would then have to be ratified by three-fourths of the states. That's inconceivable in a country that has more guns than people , and laws in 44 states that permit open carry, even though the Supreme Court has never ruled that such a right is compelled by the Second Amendment.  Not only is repeal unattainable, it would also be ineffective and unnecessary. Despite Justice Stevens' preposterous assertion that the Second Amendment is the "only legal rule" protecting gun sellers, 44 states include a right to bear arms in their state constitutions . And there are numerous laws both ensuring and limiting the rights of buyers and sellers.  What makes the Stevens manifesto especially irresponsible is that it would rupture the social fabric in this country -- leading to turmoil, lawlessness and violence. Considering the fervor of many gun-rights advocates, it's quite possible that not even reversal of Roe v. Wade would incite such rage. And to what end? Very few Americans believe gun rights are absolute.  Clearly, the Second Amendment does not allow an 11-year-old to carry a machine gun in front of the White House when the president is strolling on the lawn. Some weapons, some persons and some circumstances are subject to regulation.  That's the same framework we have for other rights. For example, the First Amendment permits no law "abridging the freedom of speech." Yet the courts have not protected falsely shouting fire in a crowded theate r, inciting to riot defamation , and so on. Both the right to free speech and the right to bear arms can be limited -- even though both are constitutionally safeguarded.  In District of Columbia v. Heller , Justice Antonin Scalia concluded (over a dissent from Justice Stevens) that the Second Amendment secured an individual right to bear arms. But Justice Scalia explicitly noted that Heller did not "cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools ..., or laws imposing conditions and qualifications [such as background checks] on the commercial sale of arms." He also noted historical support for "prohibiting the carrying of dangerous and unusual weapons."  JUST WATCHED On GPS: Secretary Rice talks gun control Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH On GPS: Secretary Rice talks gun control 01:40  Accordingly, states can likely adopt any of those restrictions without violating the Second Amendment as interpreted in Heller. Indeed, some states do -- regulating or even banning so-called assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. Those regulations have not been overturned by the courts. By contrast, other states, such as Florida , have imposed fewer restrictions than allowed by Heller. Once again, it's state law that has controlled, not the Second Amendment.  In the aftermath of the Parkland atrocity, Florida has approved a bill that, among other things, bans bump stocks (which convert semiautomatic weapons into illegal automatic weapons), gives the state new powers to remove guns and ammunition from people deemed to be a threat to themselves or others, imposes a three-day waiting period for most long-gun purchases and raises the minimum age for buying those weapons to 21.  Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook  So far, the only Second Amendment challenge (from the NRA) relates to the higher age limit for buying rifles. Many, if not most, legal experts expect that challenge to fail.  In a nutshell, the Supreme Court has ruled that the Second Amendment guarantees individual gun owners' rights, but it does not preclude reasonable regulations. Repeal would be needlessly provocative, counterproductive and hostile to core American liberties.) = 1
((CNN) High-intensity interval training will be the No. 1 fitness trend in the coming year, while smartphone exercise apps that prompt your activities will be out -- or so says the Worldwide Survey of Fitness Trends for 2018 .  Such training, known as HIIT, typically involves short bursts of high-intensity exercise followed by a short period of rest or recovery: intermittently sprinting for 30 seconds, for example, during a moderate-pace jog.  The US national physical activity guidelines recommend 150 minutes of moderate activity or 75 minutes of vigorous activity each week with additional muscle-strengthening exercise for adults and 60 minutes a day for children, noted Walter R. Thompson, author of the report and prtesident of the American College of Sports Medicine. "So if you step it up a little bit and get your heart rate up and move from, say, walking to jogging, it decreases to 75 minutes per week."  HIIT is a worthy way to meet your physical activity guidelines, he said. "But there's a word of caution with that: Anytime you do high-intensity anything, there may be an increased risk of injury."  If you doubt your ability to safely exercise in high-intensity bursts, Thompson recommends that you "get a good physical exam" before starting a program.  Over the past 12 years, the editors of the American College of Sports Medicine's Health & Fitness Journal have circulated an electronic survey to thousands of professionals, including personal trainers and physical therapists, to predict the biggest health and fitness trends for the coming year.  This year's survey, which included responses from 4,133 fitness professionals around the globe, placed "group training" -- classes involving more than five participants -- in the No. 2 slot. Meanwhile, "wearable technology" -- such as activity trackers and smartwatches -- came in third, and "body weight training" -- the use of your own body weight as a form of resistance while doing modified pushups and other exercises -- came in fourth. "Strength training," or the use of barbells and weights, placed fifth.  Thompson said the survey was developed for two purposes, the first being "to help guide the fitness industry."  Although most of the industry is "commercial properties," the survey is also helpful to community-based organizations, corporate wellness programs and medical fitness centers.  "They need some direction as to what will be the next trend in the industry so that when they use their valuable resources for something, they know it's going to work," Thompson said.  "We also do it from the perspective of people who use the gym, the clients," he said. "It helps them identify gyms across the country that are offering the best kinds of exercise programs."  Three new trends found a place on the top 20 list: "licensure for fitness professionals", "core training" and "sport-specific Training." Licensure refers to the general trend toward more regulation of fitness professionals, such as personal trainers. Core work stresses strength and conditioning of the stabilizing muscles of the abdomen, thorax and back. Sport-specific exercising is usually geared toward younger athletes and focuses on a single sport, such as tennis or boxing.  Meanwhile, "work-site health promotion" (which ranked 16th in last year's survey) and "outcomes measures" (previously 18th) fell from the top 20 list. In other words, incentive programs in employer-based health care benefits plans and comparison measurements to improve performance are no longer fashionable among the gym set.  One of the biggest surprises on the 2018 list was the "re-emergence of group exercise programs," said Thompson, who remembers "back in the day when that was all we did."  Personal training, which was introduced around 2000, reduced the popularity of group training, he noted. However, after the recession, less expensive group training sessions re-emerged and apparently continue to thrive. "It's got to help increase revenue and decrease expenses," Thompson said.  Another trend for 2018 will be older adults being welcomed back into fitness clubs.  Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.  Most gyms "still see their greatest revenue source as the 25- to 35-year-old age bracket," Thompson said. But the "really smart clubs" are changing music and lighting during slower times when the typical gym-goer is at work, "so that now, the 60-year-old feels comfortable going into the gym," he said. "It makes total sense."  Finally, yoga remains in the top 10, where it has been since the survey started, Thompson said. "Yoga keeps reinventing itself.") = 1
("When you go to (the shows), they tend to be all about the animals -- people photographing the animals," Woodward said. "I just wanted to turn my attention onto the people because they're so committed to what they do. They're really devoted and hardworking."  While those involved with the competitions are the focus of many press photographers, Woodward's work stands out for its distinctive portraiture style.  "My work is a bit more composed. I use a medium-format camera and a tripod, so it is a bit more static in a way," she said. "I think everybody is so proud of their animals that when I said to them that, 'I'd love a portrait of you and your cow,' everyone was more than willing to give up their time and help because they're so passionate about what they do."  Photographer Jooney Woodward  The "Best in Show" portraits lead viewers down a winding pathway to ponder those inexplicable yet noticeable connections and bonds that exist between the handlers and their animals.  Woodward's photos also contain subtle details. For example, the symbols and signs on the wall behind Wendy and her Hereford yearling heifer Mandalay Juliette are just as significant as the handler and her animal.  "It's just the way (Wendy) had gone through the effort of decorating the pen (with Union Jacks) where the cows were being kept," Woodward said. "There's also a sign behind (her) ... and there's a picture of a gentleman with a cow, who is actually her husband who had died a few years ago. ... I just thought that was nice, something quite sentimental about that."  There are not only sentimental subtleties within "Best in Show," but also fun and interesting ones as well. This is especially evident in the photo of the traditional Welsh pigs being judged, as Woodward points out there is an advertisement for sausages behind the pigs.  I just wanted to turn my attention onto the people because they're so committed to what they do. They're really devoted and hardworking. Photographer Jooney Woodward  Regardless of what elements make up Woodward's photos, the emotions and aesthetics remain particularly important.  Woodward said that when photographing Jamie and his Jersey cow, his happiness and smile made her want to "share that sense of enjoyment" that handlers have when competing with their animals in the shows.  What drew Woodward to Harriet and her guinea pig Gentleman Jack were the similar colors radiating from both of them. Her photo of the pair won the National Portrait Gallery's Taylor Wessing Photographic Portrait Prize in 2011.  "(Harriet) was like a steward, she was sort of judging the guinea pigs. And she also had her own guinea pig with her, which had red as well," Woodward said. "I just thought that was incredibly striking. I thought, 'I've got to get a shot of that.' "  The dynamics of the competitions foster a community atmosphere in which everybody becomes acquainted with one another after having traveled to different shows for so many years. Woodward said this was an enjoyable aspect of her work because "you get to see lots of familiar faces."  Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography.  She has learned about the pride the handlers have toward their animals, and many of her presumptions about the competitions have now changed after having worked on "Best in Show."  "I think when I first started going, I was sort of thinking the shows would be more novelty, fun things for these people," she said. "But, actually, it isn't really; it's quite a serious thing, because they can make money from breeding."  In addition to handlers earning significant money from breeding, they are also able to achieve recognition for their livestock. Those competing have a lot at stake when they make the decision to travel and compete, because the shows are just as much business events as they are social gatherings.  The competitions are also rather family-oriented, and Woodward said that while adults compete, their sons, daughters and grandchildren are involved as well. The younger generations are likely to one day take over the responsibility of running the family farms, and everyone that participates seems to have a strong sense of pride and passion for agriculture.  "I think it's something I will always document for the rest of my life, and see how things change," Woodward said. "It was challenging, insightful and fun.") = 1
(Washington (CNN) US officials are taking a two-track approach to the Iran nuclear deal, negotiating with allies to make changes demanded by President Donald Trump even as they prepare to walk away from the international agreement.  Trump set a May 12 deadline -- the next date by which he has to waive sanctions against Iran or leave the deal -- for the US and its European allies to agree on changes to address what he sees as its flaws.  The President's thinking, officials say, is that if the US and Europe are united on amending the deal, the other signatories -- Russia and China -- will come along, and Iran will have no choice but to comply.  Critics argue that leaving the deal would damage relations with European allies, harm US national security interests -- in part by reducing the US' ability to monitor Iran's nuclear activities -- and send a clear message to North Korea that the US can't be trusted to honor nuclear agreements.  A 'terrible' deal  European allies say they will not consider changes to the agreement but the gulf between the allies and the US is vast. With the President himself dismissing the deal as "terrible," and the impending move of CIA Director Mike Pompeo, an Iran hawk, to the State Department, many officials in the US and Europe are bracing for Washington to abandon the agreement.  Against that backdrop, US officials leading the negotiations with European allies say that at the same time, they are readying contingency plans should Trump decide to pull the US out.  "We always have to prepare for any eventuality. We are engaged in contingency planning. .... We're kind of dual tracking this," said Brian Hook, the State Department's director of policy planning, who is leading talks with the Europeans.  The Treasury Department, meanwhile, is preparing for the possibility that it may have to "snap back" sanctions that were repealed by the Obama administration after the deal, formally known as the Joint Commission Plan of Action, was signed.  Hook met with European allies in Berlin last week to continue discussions before going to Vienna, Austria, on Friday for a regular meeting with all parties to the agreement.  Asked whether he was confident about reaching an agreement with the Europeans, Hook said Wednesday that, "we have had constructive talks with the Europeans ... but I can't predict if we will reach a deal or not."  "We have a goal in mind, and we will either reach agreement or we won't," Hook said. He admitted that Iran is "in technical compliance to their commitments" under the deal.  JUST WATCHED Rouhani: Trump failed to kill nuclear deal Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Rouhani: Trump failed to kill nuclear deal 01:35  Hook declined to comment on how Pompeo's transfer would affect prospects for the Iran deal, but said he expected the former congressman from Kansas to make an easy transition. "A number of us are providing assistance to Secretary-designate Pompeo's confirmation process," Hook said. "He's got such a deep familiarity with so many of these issues that it will be a very easy transition."  Trump wants the Iran pact amended with a supplemental agreement that would end so-called "sunset clauses" -- provisions that wind down after a few years -- intensify the inspections of Iran's nuclear sites and add measures covering Iran's ballistic missile program.  Separately, Trump also wants allies to take more steps to address Tehran's presence in Lebanon, its backing for Hezbollah, cyberattacks and "maritime aggression," as well as the powerful Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which the US says is behind much of the Mideast's destabilization.  "I have outlined two possible paths forward: Either fix the deal's disastrous flaws, or the United States will withdraw," Trump said on January 12, the last time he waived sanctions. At the time, the President said he was waiving sanctions only to give Europeans time to come to an agreement with the US.  "This is a last chance," Trump said. "In the absence of such an agreement, the United States will not again waive sanctions in order to stay in the Iran nuclear deal. And if at any time I judge that such an agreement is not within reach, I will withdraw from the deal immediately."  Lawmakers say they think Trump will walk away. "I think the President likely will move away from it, unless my, our European counterparts really come together on a framework," Sen. Bob Corker, the Tennessee Republican who heads the Foreign Relations Committee, said March 18 on CBS' "Face The Nation." "And it doesn't feel to me that they are."  Indeed, European officials say that while they're happy to discuss measures to pressure Iran on its activities in the Mideast, they aren't willing to consider a supplemental to the nuclear deal. And Iran refuses to discuss reopening the negotiations, which took years to complete.  A source familiar with the US-European negotiations told CNN there has been "good progress" on missile and inspection issues, but a key sticking point remains the US demand to eliminate sunset clauses. The source said the White House doesn't believe that a withdrawal from the deal is inevitable, but is "increasingly likely."  'It will send a message'  Hook said Wednesday that in the context of nonproliferation agreements or treaties, it's "very common to add supplemental agreements," though he noted that the nuclear pact is not a treaty, but simply a political agreement.  "It's sui generis nonproliferation plan of action that's a political document," Hook said. "And this is an agreement that has many deficiencies. We think that these deficiencies are of such threats to national security that we can't allow the deal to remain in place without a supplemental agreement to address its deficiencies. And so that's our focus there."  Hook also sidestepped a question about whether leaving the Iran nuclear deal would send a message to North Korea that the US can't be trusted. "No one has negotiated in more bad faith than North Korea. They have a history of noncompliance," Hook said.  Military leaders have been clear about the strategic downsides of leaving the pact.  Asked about the message North Korea could draw if Trump abrogates the Iran deal, Gen. John Hyten, the commander of US Strategic Command, told the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday that, "any action the United States takes sends a message around the planet, so it will send a message to North Korea, it will send a message to Russia, China, our allies, Iran, Saudi Arabia, everybody is impacted."  Close US allies have been critical of the deal as it's structured. Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said Tuesday that it's a "flawed agreement" and warned that because Iran is able to continue its nuclear research, there's a chance that when the deal expires, it will be able to enrich enough uranium for a bomb "within weeks."  That said, al-Jubeir told reporters in Washington this week that if the changes Trump is asking for can be made, Saudi Arabia would be able to support the deal.) = 1
((CNN) Like more than 100,000 Australian women, Linda Schulz had a pelvic mesh implant to treat complications from childbirth that resulted in her bowel and bladder prolapsing.  The mesh was meant to be a quick fix, but the aftermath was worse.  Her right leg went numb almost immediately after the procedure, and after a few weeks the mesh was like a knife constantly cutting her up from the inside.  "The mesh cut through my vagina wall and came through my skin," Schulz said. "Any movement, whether I moved my legs or not, felt like a serrated-edge knife was cutting me."  In the last year, Schulz, 48, along with hundreds of women experiencing similar complications, petitioned the Australian Senate to investigate their use, hoping for an outright ban and recourse for past procedures.  After a yearlong inquiry, the Senate released a report Wednesday, recommending that the implant be a "last resort" and raised concern that medical practitioners had not adequately informed their patients and "overused" the procedure "without considering alternative treatment options."  The report went on to outline vital recommendations for improved treatment guidelines and medical training, prevention of financial inducements for practitioners, a registry of high-risk implantable devices and an audit of past procedures. It also outlined concern that it is not possible to identify accurately the number of women who have received transvaginal mesh implants in the country.  "Women that have had those implants, who have those outcomes ... have been failed in a monumental way by the system and by certain people in the medical profession who they trusted," said Sen. Rachel Siewert when she introduced the report Wednesday to the Senate. "I hope that we never have to have another inquiry where we see such suffering from the witnesses."  Senate involvement all started when Sen. Derryn Hinch heard stories such as Schulz's, and was moved to start an inquiry in February 2017.  "I hope our report convinces them they have been listened to and more importantly they have been believed," Hinch said at the Senate meeting introducing the report.  in 2017, interviewing both patients and mesh manufacturers. Hearings were held across Australiain 2017, interviewing both patients and mesh manufacturers. Hundreds wrote in to the Senate, sharing a range of stories about living with pain after the operation -- from not being able to walk, sit or drive to puncturing their partner during intercourse with a splinter that broke off the implant.  Schulz said she hopes the report will go past recommendations into action, and she hopes no woman has to go through what she did: "It changes your whole life. You don't feel like a woman anymore. They just take everything in one fell swoop."  'Horror stories' in consumer group's survey  Clocking in at 20 minutes, the mesh implant is a quick fix aimed at repairing common complications from childbirth and menopause.  About half of women between 50 and 79 may have prolapse, according to the American Urogynecologic Society . When muscles and ligaments in the pelvic floor get too stretched, for reasons such as childbirth, they fail to hold up the pelvic organs: the bladder, rectum and uterus. The organs can drop into the cavity, making urination and sex painful.  One in five women has incontinence, or poor bladder control, from childbirth, according to the Journal of Prenatal Medicine  Part of the problem in the past, Schulz said, is that there were no hard statistics and records of how many procedures are done and their effects.  In April 2017, the Health Issues Centre -- an Australian consumer advocacy group -- conducted its own survey. After asking on Facebook for stories, it heard from 2,500 women in six weeks.  The mesh that was removed from Linda Schulz after surgery.  "We heard horror stories, lives that were completely destroyed," said Danny Vadasz, head of Health Issues Centre, who also wrote to the Senate, asking for reform . "We were shocked and barely believed something like this could happen in what we considered the world-class health system of Australia."  The Australian health care system offers universal health care insurance, paid through taxes, as well as private insurance.  Based on his survey, Vadasz estimates that in the past two decades, there have been 120,000 to 150,000 mesh implants in Australia, and around 70% of the stories his group heard involved a lack of fully informed consent. Many women, he said, were not even told that a mesh would be implanted into their bodies.  'Mine was badly fitted'  "As these devices were to be permanent, we are meant to live with rotting pelvises forever," said Justine Watson, a Sydney resident who submitted her mesh photos to the Senate as part of the inquiry and joined more than 700 Australian women last year in a suit against Johnson & Johnson over claims of flaws in its mesh devices.  Justine Watson says doctors didn't believe she was in pain and referred her instead to psychiatrists.  In January, the pharmaceutical giant withdrew its mesh products from the Australian market. That same month, Australia's medical devices regulator, the Therapeutic Goods Administration , removed mesh products for prolapse.  Watson's pain was so severe that she tried to take her own life after being hospitalized multiple times. Doctors didn't believe her, she said, referring her to psychiatrists instead.  "Mine was badly fitted," said Watson, who spent her life savings to travel in October from Australia to the United States to remove the mesh that was first implanted in 2010. "It broke into the wall of my bladder and skewered my urethra."  After giving birth to two boys, both weighing more than 8 pounds, Watson struggled with incontinence.  But within three months of the procedure, Watson was incontinent again and after suffering multiple medical problems, such as fibromyalgia, chronic pain and fatigue, she had the mesh removed. At 47, the procedure left her with the body of an 80-year-old: unwell, overweight and unable to walk more than 100 meters.  The need for more action  Both Watson and Schulz said they felt that Wednesday's Senate report was full of guidelines rather than concrete rules.  "This (report) feels somewhat ambiguous and can be interpreted several different ways. ... It's very unlikely that it'll make any difference," Watson said.  And eight Australian pelvic mesh implant support groups agreed, saying in a joint statement: "There are a few glimmers of hope for mesh-injured women in the report - but the wording used in the recommendations are so weak that it could, if not followed up by robust policy change, give Australian health authorities, specialists and primary carers permission to carry on as usual. We are disappointed that the recommendations are not stronger, mandating a change in treatment, monitoring and care - especially considering that the report found that: Women are not having their mesh complications identified, or believed, by primary or specialist doctors."  Now Schulz, along with others who have been affected, are now looking into a Royal Commission, an official investigation that they hope can fully ban the practice and even offer financial restitution.  Schulz wants more recognition of the problem. She represents more than 1,600 women in the Australian Pelvic Mesh Support Group, an advocacy organization that warns women about the risks of the procedure.  In response to the Senate study, the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RANZCOG) said, "more needs to be done to protect the safety of women."  "It was very clear in the report that women who have experienced adverse complications as a result of a mesh implant have endured long-term pain and reduced quality of life," said President Professor Steve Robson from RANZCOG, which trains and accredits doctors in Australia and New Zealand.  Along with agreeing with the recommendation for a registry for high-risk medical devices, he added in his statement : "We support our members by offering clinical guidance and ensure that our College communications and information hubs reflect current national standards."  A 2016 study , which compared the results of women across 35 UK hospitals who had surgery with and without mesh, concluded that there was "no benefit to women having their first prolapse repair from the use of transvaginal synthetic mesh."  study authors to recommend the more standard approach, without mesh, where organs are repositioned to their original areas and the supportive tissue surrounding them is repaired and stitched. The More than 1 in 10 in their study suffered complications, with 3 in 10 needing another operation, leading thestudy authors to recommend the more standard approach, without mesh, where organs are repositioned to their original areas and the supportive tissue surrounding them is repaired and stitched. The Mayo Clinic consistently uses this method.  There are also less invasive treatments, recommended by some researchers , such as pelvic floor muscle training to strengthen the weakened tissue.  But for many women, such as Schulz, no other option is given.  A global issue  The surgical mesh procedure is controversial and has led to many class-action suits across the United States, UK and Australia.  In the UK, the National Health Service estimates that over the past two decades, more than 100,000 women have had surgery involving a mesh implant and 3% to 5% have had complications. But a recent study suggested higher figures, estimating that 1 in 15 women had to have her implant surgically removed in the UK.  A pelvic mesh after removal.  Edward Morris, vice president for clinical quality for the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, highlights that based on current evidence, the mesh may be effective to treat incontinence but is not advised for organ prolapse.  There is still a small subset of women for whom it might be beneficial, he added, given the "appropriate information and counseling about the risks and benefits."  The college has a mesh webpage dedicated to information and advice on mesh implants to help women be informed about the procedure.  In December, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence -- the UK's health watchdog -- withdrew its recommendation for the procedure to treat pelvic organ prolapse, and the Department of Health and Social Care is auditing cases dating to 2005.  In January, New Zealand banned all vaginal mesh procedures to treat organ prolapse.  Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.  In the United States, the Food and Drug Administration has not taken steps to ban vaginal mesh. However, in 2016 , it reclassified the device from class II (moderate risk) to class III (high risk), providing the agency with more oversight over the manufacturing of mesh products.) = 1
(Please enable Javascript to watch this video  SACRAMENTO -- California Highway Patrol Sgt. Matt Burgess says the shooting death of Stephon Clark is a tragedy, tragic for Clark's family and tragic for the officers involved, whom he knows personally.  He says despite what some may think, law enforcement does not go out with the forethought of killing an innocent person or mistaking them for having a weapon when, in fact, they don't.  "That's not what we do," Burgess said Sunday at Real Life Church.  Burgess says he believes God placed him on Interstate 5, in the path of hundreds of protesters as they made their way onto the freeway, protesting Clark's death at the hands of police.  "I hold the line for you guys, But I get persecuted from you guys," he said. "But I forgive you first. Because that's what God asked me to do."  He says as tense as the protests were, he understood it.  "I was called everything under the sun. I was threatened. I was almost spat upon. But I took it because I understand the anger, the hurt, the pain," Burgess told the audience.  Burgess says he pleaded with the crowd of hundreds to not go on the freeway.  "I seen kids run down on the freeway. I know the climate right now. I know there's racial tension in America right now," Burgess said. "And I only could imagine what could happen if you took strollers with kids. But I couldn't prevent you."  Desperate to do something, Burgess asked protesters what he could do to get everyone off the freeway safely.  He was handed a big yellow sign that read, "Being black is not a crime!"  Back at the station, Burgess says his supervisor asked him about the sign.  "Through my eyes, when I look at that sign, I don't see anything wrong with it," Burgess said. "And if you see something wrong with that sign, I just ask that you take a reflection in the mirror. Because if that's your son or daughter that lost their life, would you not at least want someone to hold a sign and acknowledge it?") = 1
(Frida Ghitis is a world affairs columnist for The Miami Herald and World Politics Review, and a former CNN producer and correspondent. The views expressed in this commentary are her own.  (CNN) As America approaches the end of Donald Trump's first year as President , one point on which the entire country can agree is that this has been a year like no other in the nation's history. If the polls are to be believed, most of us see Trump's presidency so far as a slow-motion calamity.  And yet, not every development in the last year has been negative. The Trump presidency has energized the country and given it a new mood of seriousness.  It has reminded America about its priorities and caused its people to ponder important questions. Even if he has done so unwittingly, we can thank President Trump for bringing some exciting changes to the country. Here are five of Donald Trump's greatest unintentional accomplishments.  Sparking the women's movement and a conversation about decency  It all started before he came into office, when voters heard and saw how he talked to and about women. We heard the women who accused him of sexual harassment; we saw how he disparaged women on the campaign trail ; and we saw that he became President in spite of it all.  On the day after the inauguration, millions of women took to the streets around the world to make it clear that women would not sit back and watch Trump's style become the new normal. The women's march became likely the largest single day demonstration in US history.  JUST WATCHED The year feminism fought back Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The year feminism fought back 05:04  And that was just the beginning. As the backlash against sexism has continued, courageous women revealed the extent of abuse they have experienced in all facets of life. The #MeToo movement took down some of the most prominent figures in journalism, entertainment, politics and elsewhere. And the tsunami against abuse is still raging.  It's no wonder "feminism" is Merriam-Webster's word of the year, its most searched term.  And the best is still to come.  The next elections should bring a tide of women to public office. EMILY's List, the group that helps women political candidates, reportedly says last year it had heard from about 1,000 women interested in getting its support. This year, the number skyrocketed to 22,000  Killing apathy  Trump's presidency has electrified the country, creating a sense of energy and urgency unlike anything the United States had seen in at least a generation. Today, even people who routinely muttered, "I hate politics," and stayed uninvolved, are bristling with political thoughts and following the latest news about Trump's legislative agenda, the Russia investigation, and matters as obscure as the gap between what Trump says and what his secretary of state argues.  Americans have discovered that political apathy is a luxury better left to people living in countries where they trust their government.  Raising the question: What really makes America great?  As soon as he took office, Trump started trying to enact the agenda that he claimed would Make America Great Again. But to millions of Americans, Trump's agenda and rhetoric seemed to highlight precisely the opposite.  Trump forced many who had not given the matter much thought to consider what exactly it is that makes America great: its pursuit of ideals such as respect for the individual, for a free press, for equality; and the sacred notion of "rule of law," that no individual, however powerful, stands above the law or should wield his power to interfere with justice.  JUST WATCHED Meet the black man who befriends KKK leaders Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Meet the black man who befriends KKK leaders 03:24  Trump helped us understand the difference between patriotism and nationalism. Patriotism is love for one's country. It compels us to protect those characteristics that make it worth loving, and to strive to bring the country closer to its ideals. Nationalism, on the other hand, is what Trump preaches in his MAGA creed. It is an attitude of superiority, tainted with notions of ethnic and religious supremacy.  Reinvigorating journalism  When historians look back at the Trump era, they will note that Trump spawned a golden age of journalism. Even as Trump declared war on the media, casting doubt on any piece of news he found unflattering by calling it "fake news," serious journalists went to work with more determination than ever.  Sure, journalists made mistakes, and when discovered, they were promptly corrected. That stands in sharp contrast to Trump's avalanche of lies. By The New York Times' count, Trump has told nearly six times as many falsehoods in 10 months than Barack Obama told in eight years as President. Trump succeeded in confusing the public and blurring reality. It was all in keeping with his gaslighting technique . But the reality-based media fought back with facts and with in-depth reporting that brought Americans history-changing truths.  JUST WATCHED Blumenthal: Now is the time for us to unite Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Blumenthal: Now is the time for us to unite 02:34  Giving satire a shot in the arm  While Trump made Americans more serious, he also made comedians much funnier. Political humor blossomed like never before. Observers noted that the President himself hardly ever laughs unless in the company of adoring crowds, with his sense of humor limited to mocks and insults.  JUST WATCHED 'SNL': Trump trims Christmas tree with 'losers' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'SNL': Trump trims Christmas tree with 'losers' 01:30  But for professional humorists, Trump was a godsend. The bittersweet cracks propelled the ruthlessly brilliant Stephen Colbert to new levels of hilarity, and the more Trump-centered his jokes became, the higher his ratings climbed.  So, you see, it hasn't all been bad. Perhaps Vladimir Putin is right when he says Trump has made significant achievements. Although, this is probably not what Putin or what Trump has in mind when he falsely claims he has accomplished more than any of his predecessors.  It's more along the lines of Colbert's comment after Roy Moore lost the election in Alabama, when he said , "I'm a little shaky ... due to a condition my doctor calls 'hope.'"  These are at least five achievements from the Trump administration that can give Americans that same hope.) = 1
(Story highlights RaVal Davis: "Insecure" and "Girls Trip" call out institutional barriers that women face  Both films are evening out the playing field by putting more naked men on our screens, writes Davis  RaVal Davis is an entertainment writer, actress, and advocate for body positivity. The opinions expressed in this commentary are her own. For more on comedy's impact on culture, watch CNN's "The History of Comedy" Sundays at 10 p.m. ET/PT.  (CNN) With nearly all-black, female-led casts, both HBO's "Insecure" and feature film "Girls Trip" are clearly breaking all types of color and gender barriers. But it's what's happening behind the scenes that is changing the game on a more interesting frontier. Female writers like "Insecure's" Issa Rae and Erica Rivinoja and Tracy Oliver of "Girls Trip," are leveling the playing field when it comes to male and female nudity, by putting more naked men on our screens. It's just what Hollywood needs.  For far too long, naked women have become such a staple in TV and film that it's hard to notice, much less quantify, the inequality unfolding right before our eyes. But a recent study from Mount Saint Mary's University did just that and found that actresses are almost three times as likely as their male counterparts to be required to strip to their unmentionables.  RaVal Davis  Undoubtedly, female nudity has become an accomplice to get viewers through bad plotlines and awkward acting. And sometimes it's just the cherry atop the box office sundae. But why is female nudity so much more ubiquitous than male nudity? And what does this say about the role of women in the world?  According to a 2005 University of Pennsylvania study , 57% of US teenagers, ages 14 to 16, identified television, film and other media as the primary source of information about sex and gender. In a post-#ImWithHer era, are we really still OK with such widespread and normalized objectification of the female body?  But it's not only an issue for the viewer. It's an even larger issue for the actress being asked to display her body. As a new actress trying my best to break into episodic television, I have to admit I cringe every time I read those typical female character breakdowns. You know the ones: The waitress in the club who has no more than five lines but happens to have sex with the main male character. She's totally inconsequential to the plot but helps move the episode along somehow. And, of course, NUDITY REQUIRED or MUST BE OK WITH NUDITY is bolded at the bottom of the script. It's degrading but seemingly sometimes a necessary evil for actresses to make their way above the five-line mark.  Read More) = 1
((CNN) When Christopher Michael Everett went to his first SoulCycle class, he gave it his all. He sat in the front of the class, cranked the resistance on his bike and started pedaling.  Within the first five to 10 minutes, his thighs began to hurt and feel abnormal. But he powered through the pain and stuck it out until the end of the class.  "They say go big or go home. I probably should have went home," said Everett, a 33-year-old actor in Los Angeles.  For the rest of the day, he felt OK, but the following night was marred by excruciating thigh pain. Unable to sleep, he searched for "Spin class and sore legs" and came across a personal account written by a woman who needed to go to the hospital after a cycling class for a condition called rhabdomyolysis.  Rhabdomyolysis leads muscle tissue to break down and release a harmful protein into the bloodstream. Everett recognized the symptoms she mentioned, such as soreness, swollen thighs, nausea and an inability to bend the knees. He had all of them except dark brown urine , which he was not about to wait for, he said.  Everett immediately went to the ER and was diagnosed with rhabdomyolysis. He stayed in the hospital for a week.  What is rhabdomyolysis?  Rhabdomyolysis quite literally means "breakdown of muscle," said Dr. Derek Fine, associate professor of medicine and interim chief of nephrology at Johns Hopkins Medicine. When the muscle breaks down, it releases myoglobin, a protein that can poison the kidneys, into the bloodstream.  The condition is caused by any type of trauma to the muscle. There are also toxins in some medications and illicit drugs that can cause it, he said. The first descriptions of the condition were among people who had been trapped under bombed buildings during World War II, Fine said.  Recently, strenuous exercise has been popping up as another common culprit, seen in people who do activities like Spinning, P90X, CrossFit, weightlifting and running.  "I've had patients come in who can't walk. They can't get out of bed. They call 911 because their muscles don't work," Fine said.  In rhabdomyolysis cases that are easier to treat, the patient is given fluids to rehydrate and released from the hospital after a few days of monitoring, Fine said.  Everett said he was hooked up to an IV and pumped with fluids for seven days to flush out the toxins in his kidneys. He was not released until his levels of CPK -- creatine phosphokinase, an enzyme that leaks into the blood when muscle tissue is damaged -- were normal.  Worst-case scenario  If the condition is really severe, the kidneys may shut down, and the patient could end up on dialysis. With kidney failure comes the risk of an overload of potassium in the body, which could lead to abnormal heart rhythms and death.  In April, the American Journal of Medicine released a study on three cases of rhabdomyolysis that were caused by Spinning classes. In one case, a 33-year-old kindergarten teacher was put on dialysis when she had kidney failure and experienced fluid overload from her hydration treatment.  "It's tough to tell somebody who's 33 years old, 'I need to start you on dialysis.' And so you treat them with a lot of fluids, and you hopefully get them to the point where their kidneys open up and they start getting rid of the toxins and they don't have to go on dialysis," said Dr. Alan Coffino, a nephrologist and chairman of medicine at Northern Westchester Hospital in New York and a co-author of the study. He treated the 33-year-old. "In her case, we had to pull the plug and put her on dialysis."  After two weeks, her kidneys opened up, and she was released from the hospital.  Another potential symptom of rhabdomyolysis is compartment syndrome, Coffino said, which is when muscles swell and are unable to expand. In some cases, surgery is needed to release pressure from the muscle.  Everett said the swelling of his thighs concerned the doctor. "He was like, 'if your thighs get any more swollen, we're going to have to cut those open,' " he said. But the swelling did not increase, and Everett was able to avoid surgery.  How to avoid rhabdomyolysis  People who work out regularly can get rhabdomyolysis, Coffino said, as well as those who don't exercise often. Those who are fit typically get it if they push themselves too hard or if they try a new exercise that works a different muscle group. The study he co-authored points out that of the 46 people documented in medical literature who got rhabdomyolysis from a Spin class, 42 developed it after their first class.  Everett worked out every two to three days and considers himself fit, but he had never taken a Spin class before.  "I just wish SoulCycle would have said at the beginning of the class, 'if you work out too hard, this can happen to you,' " Everett said. Its been one month since he was hospitalized, and his legs are still sore.  SoulCycle has not responded to requests for comment.  Although any type of extreme exercise can lead to the condition, the popularity of Spinning is what concerns Dr. Maureen Brogan, associate professor of medicine at New York Medical College, nephrologist at Westchester Medical Center and the lead author of the study.  "I mean, Spinning, you burn 600 calories in an hour, and you lose up to a liter an hour of sweat," Brogan said. "Six hundred calories is like running six miles. So if you're not conditioned, you wouldn't just run six miles."  One of her patients developed rhabdomyolysis after spending only 15 minutes on a bike.  Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.  Rhabdomyolysis can occur at any age and in both men and women. In Brogan's Spinning study, it was more common in females, but that's because more women tend to participate in the exercise, she said.  To avoid the condition, it is important to be slow and gradual when beginning a new type of workout, she said. When going to a class, you should tell the instructor if you are new, and make sure to hydrate before, during and after exercising.  Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medications can be damaging to the kidneys, so they shouldn't be taken after an intense workout, Brogan said. If someone does develop rhabdomyolysis, it could worsen their condition.  "It's better just to err on the side of caution and take things slowly," Brogan said.) = 1
(Jill Filipovic is a journalist based in New York and Nairobi, Kenya, and the author of the book "The H-Spot: The Feminist Pursuit of Happiness." Follow her on Twitter. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.  (CNN) It shouldn't be a controversial question: How many people live in the United States of America? But the Trump administration and their Republican water-carriers have turned it into a partisan political football by insisting on including a question about citizenship on the census forms. The result, demographers widely agree, will be a vast undercount of the American population -- to the political benefit of the GOP.  Jill Filipovic  Critics opposing the inclusion of a question about citizenship say that it will frighten noncitizens and vulnerable immigrant communities into underreporting. According to the Pew Hispanic Center, in 2010 there were around 9 million "mixed status" families, in which some members are citizens and others not. Surely such households might choose to avoid the census completely in 2020, rather than give up citizenship information that might later be used against them. Leaders in Latino communities have voiced serious concerns before about fears among immigrant populations about misuse of government data. As far back as last November, a researcher at the Census Bureau's Center for Survey Measurement warned that those fears "may present a barrier to participation in the 2020 census," which is "particularly troubling due to the disproportionate impact on hard-to-count areas."  Whether someone is a documented citizen or not has no influence on whether they utilize public services -- roads, hospitals, schools, police departments, emergency responders. Undercounting immigrants will result in all of those resources being stretched thinner in more racially diverse (and especially more heavily Latino) areas. And because the census happens only once a decade, any potential undercount could impact states and cities for a long time to come.  The US census has not asked about citizenship status since the 1950s (though it does appear on the yearly American Community Survey the Census Bureau administers to give a fuller picture of America's population). The US constitution requires only a count of persons -- not citizens -- to determine representation. Asking about citizenship, especially in a political climate hostile to immigrants, will result in noncitizens and even legal immigrants -- still fearful of Immigration and Customs Enforcement -- not being counted. Not counting the actual population of districts, cities and states means that the undercounted localities will get fewer federal resources than they actually need, and will have fewer representatives in Congress.  But that is perhaps the point. California is already suing over it, with the state's attorney general and secretary of state harshly criticizing the move to add the citizenship question as anti-immigrant. Like so much of what President Trump and his administration do, this move by the Commerce Department is a thinly veiled attack on people of color, and an unearned benefit to Trump's largely white, self-segregating base. The places that will be most hurt by undercounting will be places that have higher populations of immigrants, documented and not. According to the Texas Tribune, for example, the state was projected to gain three congressional seats that it may now lose because of undercounting. And immigrants are more likely to live in blue states than red ones, meaning that this census change could kneecap Democrats in future elections.  Read More) = 1
(B/R  Since 1996, "tradition" in Los Angeles soccer has been defined by the LA Galaxy. The team has won five Major League Soccer Cups and served as a landing spot for world-class footballersnotably high-priced, big-name European superstars in the twilight of their careers, like David Beckham. Last week, the team made headlines for signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic, the massively talented, hyper-confident former Manchester United star from Sweden. This is what the Galaxy do: They buy the best to win. The team is the MLS equivalent of the "evil empire," more Yankees and Lakers than Mets and Clippersall champagne and expensive silverware.  But there is a less heralded soccer tradition, one that, for the last four years, has drifted in the background of the cacophonous Los Angeles sports landscape: a blue-collar fan culture that aligns with the underdog. These fansmany of whom have been the orphaned sons and daughters of the dearly departed Chivas USAhave grown accustomed to losing but have found other reasons to love their team.  This season, the two traditions of L.A. soccer will converge, now that the underdogs finally have a team to call their own: Los Angeles Football Club. LAFC has flown into the City of Angels on the wings of a multimillion dollar marketing campaign and a state-of-the-art, $350 million stadium. Its ownershipfronted by luminaries like Warriors part-owner Peter Guber, Magic Johnson and Will Ferrellhas made forging a lasting connection to the city's young, diverse working class the cornerstone of its outreach efforts. But the question remains: Can LAFC's inclusiveness, whether just a marketing gimmick or not, win over the Galaxy's town, or will the city reject what could be the makings of a football renaissance?  On a dreary morning before Los Angeles Football Club's first regular-season MLS game, fansparents pushing strollers, expectant wee-hours drinkers and assorted revelersqueued up in front of the Barney's Beanery in Terminal 2 at LAX International Airport. The area around the restaurant had been cordoned off; only LAFC supporters were allowed inside. Signage sprinkled around the terminal had steered them here. But so did the prospect of experiencing soccer euphoria. In less than 31 hours, the 150 or so fans would travel to Seattle for LAFC's first match against the Sounders.  Among the faithful were Jerry Jimenez and his wife, Nidia. They arrived decked out in the team's black and gold road jerseys and were brimming with the kind of excitement that belies the early hour of the day. "Here, we feel like we're at home," Jerry said. They brought their two-year-old son up from San Diego, where they live.  Jerry has been a Los Angeles soccer fan for yearsjust not of LAFC. First, he was a Galaxy fan; but soon he switched to Chivas USA, an offshoot of his favorite team, Chivas Guadalajara, a Liga MX team that plays in Mexico. "Something in my gut didn't feel right," Jerry recalled. "It was like, 'ugh.' I see that crest and it means something to me because I grew up seeing that crest and I thought, 'I'm on the wrong side.'" Upon switching to Chivas, he joined Black Army 1850, a grassroots local fan group that took its inspiration from the Ultras of Europe and South America.  But then, in 2014, Chivas USA folded, leaving Jerryand the Black Armywithout a team. When, three days later, MLS announced that a new ownership group led by a group of high-profile investors would bring a new franchise to Los Angeles, Jerry co-signed the effort. "We figured, 'Hey, this is a clean slate,'" he said. "'Let's keep pushing what we've always been pushing: to have a club in the City of Angels that represents us.' [The Black Army] crest"two interlocking white hammers over a black background"represents the two hammers of the working class. That's what we've always wanted from the beginning, something related to the city: Chivas Los Angeles instead of Chivas USA."  Photo courtesy of Los Angeles Football Club  Los Angeles is sprawling and suburban and has a large Latino population. According to the 2010 United States Census, 48.5 percent of the city is made up of people of Hispanic descent. Soccer is more than entertainment to many of them. It is a heritage and a way of life. With Chivas USA, MLS made a concerted effort to court this massive potential fanbase. The Galaxy and LAFC both hope to capture the imagination of city's dominant culture.  The city's two teams have taken different approaches to market their respective franchises. StubHub Center's location in the L.A. suburb of Carson makes it more appealing to fans on the outskirts of the city. The Galaxy's marketing plan and atmospherefrom cuddly mascot Cozmo to its bright, cheerful team color schemeis made for families in the way that a minor league baseball game might be sold to casual audiences. It has also made its case visually: Los Angeles is littered with billboards promoting the Galaxy's legacy, some declaring in both English and Spanish that the team has been "lifting trophies since '96."  LAFC has aligned itself more with fan groups like the Black Army and has focused on building ground support through community service and charity. Nomar Garciaparra, the former Red Sox and Dodgers superstar who now serves as a part-owner of LAFC, said that from the beginning, the ownership expressed a desire to become a part of the firmament of the city. "The funny thing is, I am one of them," he says of LAFC's supporters. "I grew up in L.A. I grew up in the small little city [Whittier] outside of that. Going from there to now being on the ownership side, I looked at them and say, 'Hey, I'm one of you, and here we are together.'"  Tom Penn, the president and co-owner of LAFC, told me that the team's ownership group made capitalizing on organic support one of the early tenants of its marketing campaign. "At the time [of the club's founding], we weren't going to play for three years. So, everybody said, 'What did you have to offer them?'" he said. "What we had to offer them was, you guys are with us from the beginning. Your fingerprints are on every decision, and you can tell your kids and your grandkids, 'You built this club with us.'"  That grassroots campaign seems to have worked. LAFC has sold out all of its 17,500 season tickets"memberships," as it calls themfor their inaugural season. By contrast, according to the Los Angeles Times, Galaxy season ticket sales are down nearly 20 percent from last year for a total of 9,500.  Chris Klein, the president of the LA Galaxy who played in L.A. during the Beckham era, had his own theory about the numbers. "With anything new, there's intrigue and people wondering what it's going to be," he said. Klein seemed excited about where MLS is going. "The way that you're going to build your clubwhich I believe is one of the more exciting things about how our league is evolvingis our clubs have their own identity. What works in Atlanta or Minnesota is different than L.A. or New York. I don't think you're going to see one model that everyone sticks by."  Ted S. Warren/Associated Press/Associated Press  He added that he didn't think L.A. having two teams is bad for business: "Having Chivas fail or any club in our league fail is not good for anyone."  The quality of play in MLS has been a sore spot for many fans in this country and, while it has improved since 1996, it still lags behind top leagues like the English Premier League and the Spanish La Liga. That doesn't mean games are boring to watch in person: There are the beer-soaked celebrations, the pre- and postgame meetups, the traditionpopularized by Sounders FCof the supporters' song-filled march to the stadium and the general sense of shared purpose.  But television ratings are another story: MLS has struggled to get the energy of its live experience to translate to tiny screens inside people's homes. The 2017 MLS Cup final drew only 803,000 American viewers when it aired on ESPN in December. That's down from 1.4 million who watched on the Fox broadcast network the year before.  Locally, the LA Galaxy have benefited from a 10-year, $55 million deal with Spectrum SportsNet to broadcast its games in the city. But the team only drew an average of 9,000 viewers a game on the SportsNet cable channel, according to the Los Angeles Timesnot quite the rapid growth you might expect from a league that touts its fanbase as the future of American sports consumers.  LAFC, for its part, has looked to younger, city-dwelling Angelinos to build a following. The tactic is similar to that employed by teams in MLS markets such as Seattle, Portland and Atlanta. In those cities, stadiums are centrally located and easily accessible by public transportation or walking. LAFC has gone new-age with its broadcast rights strategy, too; in late January 2018, it inked a deal with YouTube to be the exclusive local carrier of LAFC matches. (The video-sharing service is the team's first jersey sponsor.) Whether the broad reach of the internet can help LAFC avoid the ratings challenges of MLS is anybody's guess. Then again, if MLS is truly the American sports league of the future, there might be another lane for it to thrive. Maybe the future of football doesn't exist on television anyway.  Banc of California Stadium is a towering, open-air structure that sits on the southeast side of Exposition Park, off Figueroa. It features fancy restaurants, bicycle parking and a nearly 7,000-square-foot sunset deck so fans can takes full advantage of the relentlessly sunny L.A. weather. (There's a pool, too.) The downtown skyline looms in the background. The field is reminiscent of the grand football grounds of Europe. With a capacity of 22,000 fans, it's far smaller than the average first division soccer stadium. But there's a safe standing rail seating sectionthe first in North Americaso fans can remain on their feet for the full 90 minutes, if they so choose.  The stadium is the realization of a decades-long trend in the city's history of urban planning policy. It replaced the aging Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena downtownone of the few remaining connections to the classic mid-century architecture that the L.A. area was known for. It also crystallized the rapid change of the Exposition Park neighborhood, and the nearby USC campus, which have undergone a tremendous 21st century revitalization in recent years: the stadium, a renovation of the Coliseum, and a new $1.5 billion museum endowed by filmmaker George Lucas. (There could be even more new construction soon thanks to the upcoming 2028 Summer Olympics.)  For LAFC's ownership group, Banc of California connects the team to the neighborhood's past. "I think the location, where we're located, is integralby the iconic Coliseum," Garciaparra said. "We have the history of the L.A. Sports Arena, knocking that down and building the new, modern stadium as well." Ownership hopes that the stadium will go a long way in attracting LAFC's legion of followersmany of whom live in the heavily populated Hispanic neighborhoods of South L.A.when it opens on April 29. In the meantime, the team will have to find other ways to entertain fans on the road.  When they arrived in Seattle on a damp evening under a gray-colored sky, LAFC supporters made their way to the Owl N' Thistle Pub not far from CenturyLink Field. The Black Army took over a back room and turned all the TVs to a Chivas Guadalajara/Club America Liga MX match. The melody of traditional Chivas songs echoed throughout the bar, sung in Spanish with the inelegant, throaty voices of the sufficiently inebriated.  One English fan, an actor and comedian who goes by the name "Gary Gold," caught my attention. He had feathered blond hair and wore a track jacket with a necklacethe kind one might associate with a flashy English footballer. Gold has become something of an unofficial mascot for the new club in recent years, largely because of his online personaa fabulously successful Beckham-esque designated player from England that LAFC simply refuses to sign.  I asked Gold why he chose to hitch his nascent comedy career to LAFC rather than the Galaxy. He requested that he be allowed to conduct our interview in character. "It seems like LA Galaxy are pretty happy being a bit of a retirement home," he answered.  The next day, LAFC fans gathered at Pyramid Ale House before the Seattle match and were surprised by a visit from the team's owners. The crammed bar was filled with the kind of exuberance that makes for quite a commercial for the productsons and daughters and mothers and fathers sharing stories, clinking glasses and praying for a win. The owners, eager to capture a bit of that magic for themselves, pulled up to the bar on a lavish bus, and the comedian Ferrell jumped out to mix it up with the supporters and revel in a "Will Ferrell" chant.  It's not every day that an owneror a mega-celebritymixes it up with fans. But LAFC's supporters are used to it. Julian Sperling, who hails from La Habra Heights, California, and is a member of the Black Army, has met with members of the front office before. They pitched him on the club and, he admitted, their message appealed to him. "They were talking about [how] a team based in Los Angeles can encompass and exemplify the community itself," Sperling said.  Nick Ut/Associated Press  The club, and a handful of other LAFC fan groups, have been involved in much of the decision-making related to the expansion team's culturefrom the team colors to the amenities in the stadium. Jerry and Nidia were both present at the first meeting between the team's front office and Gensler, the architecture firm that designed Banc of California Stadium.  Nidia was pregnant with Diego at the time, and the first people they broke the news of his impending birth to were their fellow fans in that Gensler meeting. "For us, it was a very special moment, because it felt like this is all coming together for us," Jerry said. "And now, we're building a legacy with our child that's coming into this. Now, he's almost two. He's been through this whole process with us."  As a way to commemorate their son's ties to the club and stadium, they signed a bit of concrete in a special section of the stadium during the initial build last year and added his handprint. "It's no longer just the team," Jerry said, tearing up. "Now, it's more about what Diego is going to get out of this. We're building something within our family that's going to be a tradition."  He continued: "It's the connection with people.  It's the connection with the club and the people that are a part of the club. We all feel a part of it here. That's where there's the differentiating factor between the Galaxy and here. If you look around, there's a lot of people here. I think they get that feeling as well, where we feel a part of this club more so than we ever have and a part of the city as well.") = 1
((CNN) If you're a "woman of a certain age," you might have wondered: Where did this belly fat come from? You're eating and exercising no differently than you did before menopause struck, but suddenly, your tummy has ballooned.  Welcome to life without estrogen.  "Preclinical data has shown that either surgical menopause or declines in estrogen accelerates fat accumulation, primarily visceral or abdominal fat," said Dr. JoAnn Pinkerton, executive director of the North American Menopause Society. "Changes over time in how women look -- such as noticing more abdominal fat, having increases in waist size, pants no longer fitting in the waist or increases in breast size -- all may be signs."  Unfortunately, that extra fat can be life-threatening.  "A body fat percentage of 35% or more for postmenopausal women means a higher risk of obesity-related heart and diabetes risks," Pinkerton explained, "including higher total and LDL (bad) cholesterol and insulin resistance."  To combat those health risks, women are encouraged to eat healthy, watch their weight and exercise. Now, there may be another weapon in the arsenal: menopausal hormone therapy.  Fighting belly fat  Belly fat, along with hot flashes, night sweats, insomnia and irritability, is one of the many downsides of the end of a woman's menstrual cycles. Those symptoms can last for years as fertility shuts down; many women find it extremely difficult to cope. Doctors may offer artificial replacements of estrogen, progesterone or a combination, which is called menopausal hormone therapy (formerly hormone replacement therapy, or HRT).  of tummy fat than women who had never used them. A new study of more than 1,000 postmenopausal women, ages 50 to 80, found that those who were currently taking hormones had significantly lower levelsof tummy fat than women who had never used them.  "Up until now, there was not a large study focused on the fat in the abdomen, which is the most known detrimental fat in the body," said endocrinologist and study lead Dr. Georgios Papadakis of Lausanne University Hospital. "The new conclusion of the study is that menopausal hormone therapy prevents the increase of type of fat in postmenopausal women."  The study, published Tuesday in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism, analyzed data from a large, ongoing study of heart disease in Switzerland called the OsteoLaus Cohort. In addition to asking women about their use of hormone replacement, the study measured body fat in a unique way.  Instead of using height and weight to establish body mass index, each woman underwent a dual-energy bone x-ray to determine her level of body fat. The use of this tool was one of the study's strengths, said Pinkerton, who was not involved in the research. She considers it to be the gold standard to distinguish "abdominal fat from other components of fat tissue."  However, the study found that the beneficial effects on tummy fat didn't last. Once hormone replacement stopped, the women rapidly regained their abdominal fat.  This finding, Pinkerton said, is important for doctors when reviewing hormone replacement with their patients, especially when it comes time to stop.  "Discussions about stopping hormone therapy should include a discussion of increased gain of abdominal fat and the associated health risks," she said. It's one reason she feels this is a "very important study for menopausal women and their providers."  Another reason is that studies like this continue to add to the knowledge base on hormone replacement, helping reduce the fear that many women have about using hormones to treat their hot flashes and irritability.  Years of fear and confusion  "Many women who may benefit from hormone therapy have been denied safe and effective therapies because of fear generated from the initial reports from the large Women's Health Initiative Study," Pinkerton said.  The Women's Health Initiative Study was a long-term national study following 161,808 postmenopausal women, ages 50 to 79, at 40 medical centers across the United States. Launched in 1993, the study divided those women into one of four randomized trials: the effects of hormone therapy, dietary changes, calcium and vitamin D use, and an overall observational study.  The stated goal of the effort, funded by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, was to find ways to prevent heart disease, osteoporosis, breast and colorectal cancer in postmenopausal women. Though data collection stopped in 2005, extension studies have continued to follow the women, and numerous results have been published. According to the Women's Health Initiative website, the effort has changed the way we treat post-menopausal women and saved the United States $35.2 billion in direct medical costs.  The first results on hormone therapy, published in 2002 , were shocking. Instead of the long-touted benefits of hormone replacement for women's health, especially heart disease, the study found that taking estrogen plus progesterone replacement hormones actually increased a woman's risk of heart disease, stroke and invasive breast cancer.  The effect was immediate: Millions of women stopped taking the therapy, and millions more were confused about what to do to help their menopause symptoms.  A second study, published in 2004 , found that taking estrogen replacement alone, without progesterone, was linked to increased risk of dementia, stroke and other health issues. It did, however, decrease the risk of hip fracture.  As it turns out, the published results from those two studies didn't tell the whole story.  Critics say the initial reports did not " put the data in clinical perspective " by failing to point out that most of the women were much older, well past the age of initial menopausal symptoms. More criticism: The benefits for fracture prevention were undervalued, and the studies were not given in-depth reviews or critiques before they were published.  In 2013, the Women's Health Initiative published a comprehensive review of all of the data in the hormone studies. The recommendations took into account age and length of time from starting menopause. They said that although women should not use hormone replacement to reduce the risk of any chronic illness, it's perfectly acceptable for younger women, between 50 and 60, to try it to ease their transition into menopause.  Today's guidance  As studies continue to explore the nuances of hormone replacement, recommendations have continued to evolve.  "There is no one-size-fits-all approach when it comes to decisions about hormone therapy," Pinkerton explained. "The risks and benefits vary, depending on the woman's own characteristics as well as the type of hormone therapy, the dose used, the duration of use and especially age and time from menopause when therapy is initiated."  Papadakis agreed: "We are in a situation where there is no black or white," he said. "I think we are quite confident to say that for women between 50 and 60, with normal weight, with no family history of breast cancer, the research is reassuring."  Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.  Pinkerton says a panel of 23 experts who helped create the 2017 guidelines of the North American Menopause Society agreed on the following advice:  "The best candidates for hormone therapy are symptomatic women younger than age 60 or within 10 years of menopause," she explained. "Older women who begin therapy more than 10 years from the start of menopause have a higher risk of heart disease, stroke, blood clots and dementia.  "The overarching goal of hormone therapy remains the same," she said. "We want to get the most benefit with the least risk.") = 1
(Michelle Obama is the first lady of the United States. The opinions expressed in this commentary are hers. Watch CNN Films' "We Will Rise: Michelle Obama's Mission to Educate Girls Around the World" on CNNgo.  Neither of my parents and hardly anyone in the neighborhood where I grew up went to college. But thanks to a lot of hard work and plenty of financial aid, I had the opportunity to attend some of the finest universities in this country. That education opened so many doors and gave me the confidence to pursue my ambitions and have a voice in the world.  For me, education was power.  And a few years ago, when I had the honor of meeting Malala Yousafzai , who was shot in the head just for trying to go to school, this issue got really personal for me. I saw that the terrorists who nearly killed her were trying to silence her voice, snuff out her ambitions, and take away her power.  That's why I decided to work on global girls' education as first lady: because right now, there are tens of millions of girls like Malala in every corner of the globe who are not in school -- girls who are so bright, hardworking and hungry to learn. And that's really the mission of the Let Girls Learn initiative we launched last year: It's a global effort to give these girls the education they need to fulfill their potential and lift up their families, communities and countries.  Now, as first lady, I have no budget of my own for programs, and I have no authority to make or pass laws. That's why, when we first launched Let Girls Learn, many folks doubted that we could make a real impact on this global issue.  But over the past year and a half, we've established partnerships with some of the world's largest companies and organizations that are committing money, resources and expertise. We're collaborating with countries like Canada, Mexico and the Nordic countries on girls' education efforts. Countries like Japan, South Korea, and the United Kingdom have collectively pledged nearly $600 million.  The United States is investing over a billion dollars through new and ongoing efforts and running Let Girls Learn programs in more than 50 countries. The World Bank Group will be investing $2.5 billion over the next five years. And through social media campaigns, Let Girls Learn has rallied people across America and across the globe to step up and be champions for girls worldwide.  All this is happening because time and again, whether it's a head of state, a corporate CEO, or a 15-year-old girl here in the United States, when people hear the stories of girls who aren't in school, they want to help.  That's why CNN's new film on global girls' education, "We Will Rise," airing for the first time this week, is so critically important -- because it tells these girls' stories.  This powerful film chronicles the lives of some of the girls I visited this past summer in Liberia and Morocco, two countries in Africa where many girls struggle to get an education. I was joined in my travels by the actors and activists Meryl Streep and Freida Pinto , who are also passionate about girls' education, as well as CNN anchor Isha Sesay  JUST WATCHED Why young girls in Morocco are missing school Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Why young girls in Morocco are missing school 01:48  Together, we sat down with girls in both countries to discuss the barriers they face and the dreams they hold for their futures. Like so many girls around the world, many of these girls come from families struggling with poverty. Some endure dangerous commutes to and from school each day. Others face cultural pressures to drop out, marry young and start having children of their own.  But these girls have big plans for their lives. They want to attend college and become doctors, teachers, engineers, entrepreneurs; and day after day, they do whatever it takes to get the education they need to fulfill their dreams. They get up before dawn, and spend hours harvesting crops, cooking for their families and tending to their younger siblings before heading to class. After school, they work as maids and in factories, and they study for hours late into the night.  JUST WATCHED She studies and dares to dream Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH She studies and dares to dream 00:52  I hope you will be as moved by their stories as I was -- and I hope you'll visit LetGirlsLearn.gov to learn more about how you can take action to help girls like them worldwide go to school.) = 1
(Story highlights Whole, healthy foods provide micronutrients that help the brain better cope with stress  Sugar and highly refined, processed oils have been linked to mental health issues  (CNN) Do you find that food deeply affects your mood? Science is beginning to back up such gut feelings.  The link between poor diet and mood disorders has been long known, but what has been less clear is the direction of causality. When we're depressed, we tend to reach for lower-quality comfort foods, but can more comfort foods contribute to depression? And if we're depressed, can improving our diets improve our symptoms?  New research is helping to pave the way toward greater clarity. One small but important trial was recently published from Deakin University's Food and Mood Centre (the center's very name a testament this burgeoning line of research). It involved men and women who were taking antidepressants and/or were in regular psychotherapy.  All of the 67 subjects had unhealthy diets at the start, with low intakes of fruits and vegetables, little daily dietary fiber and lots of sweets, processed meats and salty snacks. Half of the subjects were then placed on a healthy diet focusing on extra-virgin olive oil, nuts, seeds, eggs, fruits, vegetables, fatty fish and grass-fed beef. The other half continued eating their usual diets and were required to attend social support sessions.  Before and after the three-month study, the subjects' symptoms were graded on a common depression scale. After three months of healthier eating, those in the intervention group saw their scores improve on average by about 11 points. Thirty-two percent had achieved scores so low that they no longer met criteria for depression. Meanwhile, people in the social support group with no dietary intervention improved by only about 4 points; only 8% achieved remission.) = 1
(Photos: Scenes from Romford Market  Belts and suspenders are seen on display at the market. Romford is the largest town in the East London borough of Havering, which had one of the highest proportion of Leave voters in the UK capital.) = 1
(What's better than one camera to take one picture? Three cameras!  Chinese tech firm Huawei has outdone its rivals with a new smartphone that use three cameras to snap a single photo.  Huawei, which trails only Apple (AAPL) and Samsung (SSNLF) in global smartphone production, said this week that its new P20 and P20 Pro phones will sell for 649 ($804) and 899 ($1,115).  There are a trio of cameras located on the back of the flagship P20 Pro, with one designed to work exclusively as a zoom function. A fourth camera, located on the front of the phone, can be used for selfies.  Both phones come equipped with a special feature called "night mode" that allows users to take photos in dark light. Normally, a tripod would be needed to ensure the photos don't blur.  Huawei is trying to make up for a lack of name recognition in certain markets with technological advancements and eye-catching camera features.  The front of both new phones look similar to Apple's iPhone X, with the screen engulfing nearly the entire phone.  The P20 and P20 Pro take another page out of Apple's playbook by not including a dedicated headphone port. Earbuds instead connect through the charging port, which Huawei says will allow for a slimmer phone and longer battery life.  However, the phones may be difficult for Americans to buy.  News broke last week that Best Buy (BBY) has stopped ordering new phones from Huawei. The retailer is expected to stop selling products made by the Chinese company within weeks.  Related: Best Buy will stop selling Huawei smartphones  in February, US intelligence agencies warned Americans that they should not buy smartphones made by Huawei or its Chinese rival ZTE.  Top officials from the CIA, NSA, FBI and the Defense Intelligence Agency testified that the Chinese smartphone makers pose a security threat to American customers, though they did not offer any specific evidence.  Huawei insisted that it "has never been asked to provide access to our technology, or provide any data or information on any citizen or organization to any government, or their agencies."  The company does sell some through smaller US carriers and retail carriers like Walmart.) = 1
(Patrick R. Krill is a licensed attorney, board certified alcohol and drug counselor, author and advocate. He is the director of the Legal Professionals Program at the Hazelden Betty Ford Foundation. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.  As is now customary with the passing of public figures, social media exploded with condolences for the family of the late Mayor Rob Ford on Tuesday, making it clear that a man once the subject of merciless ridicule was now being afforded a level of sympathy and kindness unfathomable just a few short years ago.  Across the Internet and media, punchlines have largely been replaced by dignified tributes, and crude caricatures by staid, objective reporting. Why? Because Rob Ford, alive as an alcoholic, was apparently less deserving of compassion and understanding than Rob Ford, now dead from cancer.  True, the fond remembrances and generous consolations are heartening, refreshing expressions of decency towards a family in grieving, and yes, they should be acknowledged and welcomed as such. To be clear, however, they are also the indisputable byproduct of the type of image makeover nobody wants  a cancer diagnosis.  Fueling Ford's trajectory from viciously mocked to politely mourned, his cancer demonstrated how malleable our emotional responses are in light of our moralizations. Rob Ford was, after all, a man who suffered from two life-threatening diseases but garnered sympathy for only one. Perhaps that dichotomy is worth us, as a society, examining.  When I first wrote about Ford for CNN in 2013 , I hoped to make the point that he wasn't that different from many people all around you  outwardly successful while secretly buckling under the weight of alcohol or drugs  and that addiction is a nondiscriminatory predator that strikes everywhere. But despite addiction's widespread presence and nonbiased grasp, a significant majority of society still doesn't view it  or react to it  the way we do other, less stigmatized diseases that makes us want to reach out and support the sufferer.  In fact, it wasn't until Ford was diagnosed with what is unequivocally accepted as a "real" disease that many were able to accept, forgive and even admire him for his fight to survive. Sadly for the hundreds of thousands of people who die from the disease of addiction every year, such acceptance and forgiveness never comes.  In a study published the year after Rob Ford first made international headlines for his struggles with drugs and alcohol, researchers from Johns Hopkins found that 90% of people would not want someone with addiction to marry into their family, and 78% did not want to work alongside addicted people.  Furthermore, survey respondents were more willing to accept discriminatory practices against persons with drug addiction, more skeptical about the effectiveness of treatments, and more likely to oppose policies aimed at helping them. It is impossible to even conceive of similar statistics for cancer, diabetes, or heart disease, and you won't see "Saturday Night Live" doing a sendup of a politician's COPD or epilepsy symptoms anytime soon.  Why is it that we continue to deride sufferers of one disease and openly project benevolence and humanity towards victims of another? Is emotional parity for diseases truly beyond our capacity, even between two that are felling ourselves and neighbors at a frequency and volume that leaves no life untouched?  Despite the fact that excessive drinking is responsible for one in 10 deaths among working-aged Americans, or that drug overdose is the leading cause of accidental death in the United States, we rarely see the type of outward support for, and rallying around, people struggling with addiction as we do other illnesses.  Families are often times left to shoulder their emotional burden alone in shame and silence, an injustice made final when underlying causes of death are cloaked behind less scrutiny-inviting terms like "liver failure," or "heart disease."  Although even many forms of cancer itself are caused by heavy drinking, you're unlikely to see blameworthy "alcoholism" listed in the obituary of a throat cancer victim. After all, few families left behind would choose to diminish sympathy and invite judgment for their deceased loved one. But is a forced choice between honesty and sympathy really the best we can do?  In the absence of available proof to the contrary, I'll make the assumption that Rob Ford would have been extended at least some level of eulogistic courtesy had his other disease taken his life. At least that's what I'll hope. But what we can't overlook is how compassion and empathy were scarce commodities during his high-profile battle with addiction, and how they shouldn't have been.  Addiction is a sadly pervasive struggle in our world, present in your neighborhood and mine. The Rob Fords of the world are all around us, and they shouldn't have to die of cancer before we can view them humanely, on social media or otherwise.) = 1
((CNN) At first, no one believed them when they said the charming, well-liked aide in the nursing home where they lived had raped them.  Claims like theirs are often dismissed as drug-induced hallucinations, signs of dementia or attempts by lonely residents to get attention. And even when the cases of nursing home residents get to court, they can fall apart when victims' memories prove unreliable -- or they are no longer alive to testify.  This time was different.  The two women made their way to the courthouse in Waynesville, North Carolina, last week to testify against the man entrusted with their care.  One entered the courtroom in her wheelchair, two oxygen tanks behind her, and defiantly described the February night when 58-year-old Luis Gomez lifted up her nightgown. He had entered her room at the Brian Center, a nursing home in the center of town, when she was alone and asked if she needed to go the bathroom. She said she did, and climbed out of bed. As she entered the bathroom and faced the toilet, she heard the door close and lock. Then, she said, Gomez raped her.  At first, no one acted on her accusation, and she feared Gomez might appear in her room again at any moment. But when a nurse insisted on notifying police -- against the wishes of her boss -- the call triggered an investigation. And women just down the hall from the resident came forward, with their own allegations against Gomez.  Now he has been sentenced to at least 23 years behind bars.  "What this man has done for a period of almost a decade is ... prey on Alzheimer's patients because they're forgetful and they can't remember and oftentimes they die," the prosecutor told the judge during sentencing.  "In 2016, Your Honor, he made the grave mistake of hurting the wrong woman. She was brave enough to tell, and she wouldn't be quiet until everybody listened. And because of her, that's the only reason that we are finally able to put him in prison."  After a weeklong trial, Gomez was found guilty of raping both women who testified against him -- convicted on six counts that included forcible rape with a physically helpless victim. He still maintains his innocence, and is appealing the verdict.  What should we investigate next? Email Blake Ellis and Melanie Hicken  At his sentencing, the prosecutor said the two women who testified against him were not his only victims.  Six others have accused him, she said. At three different facilities in the area. Some were in their 50s and 60s. At least one was nearly 90.  None were believed, until the woman who was raped in her nightgown came forward. Gomez's attorney told jurors they shouldn't believe her either.  "He told me I'm untruthful, and I said, no I am not," the victim, now 55, said of the lawyer's questioning. "He made me feel like I was a worm crawling on the ground." CNN does not typically identify victims of sexual abuse.  The weeklong trial of Luis Gomez took place at the Haywood County Courthouse in Waynesville.  Gomez's attorney, Joel Schechet, told the court that his client is a "good man" who came to America after almost dying from an assault in Guatemala. "To this day, I would contend he never committed an act that was inappropriate to any of these people making these allegations," he said, adding that had the jury found him innocent,Gomez was prepared to leave the country and return home.  The Brian Center paid a six-figure fine after regulators found it had failed to protect residents from sexual abuse. A spokesperson for its parent company said it was pleased the case was over and that it had been unaware of the multiple allegations against Gomez until the police investigation began.  Months before the trial, a CNN investigation into sexual abuse at nursing homes had discovered many of these same accusations against Gomez at three different nursing facilities in Haywood County. At least some had been reported to the state.  But because investigators were unable to substantiate any of the complaints, Gomez's record remained clean and he continued work as a nursing aide.  Asked whether the Gomez case would spur change, such as a way to track a pattern of unsubstantiated complaints against nursing home employees, the North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services has said the agency is simply following federal and state laws.  They refused to comment on just how many times Gomez was investigated in the past. But in court, the prosecutor ticked off each accusation, one by one:  In 2011, years before Gomez worked at the Brian Center, a woman with severe Alzheimer's said he had touched her inappropriately while cleaning her up at another nursing home in town, prompting a law enforcement investigation. At first, she insisted it had happened. But then she said, "Well, maybe I'm confused."  Two years later, a resident at yet another nursing home screamed when she awoke to Gomez touching her. She was living in the Alzheimer's wing, even though she didn't suffer from the condition.  The following year, an Alzheimer's patient at the same facility reported that he had pressed her "down there." But she said she was "afraid" and didn't want to get him in trouble. She has since passed away.  After that, the accusations started piling up at the Brian Center.  Nursing aide Luis Gomez most recently lived in this house, according to property records.  In 2015, a resident said Gomez touched her breasts and told her he wanted to marry her. Another woman, who'd suffered a stroke, told staff that Gomez molested her. She was promptly committed to the psychiatric unit of the local hospital. Within months, a different woman insisted Gomez had touched her while changing her diaper, but said that no one believed her. And yet another said she had silently endured weeks of sexual abuse that left her terrified.  The woman who said he raped her in the bathroom was his eighth accuser.  Before the judge sentenced Gomez, the victim asked to have a word with him. The sheriff wheeled her up to face him. Then she spoke.  "The Lord loves you," she told her attacker. "Even though what you did is wrong, the Good Book says that I must love you, even though you did me wrong; and I do. I love you, and I pray that the others learn to forgive you and love you as I have. May you go in peace."  Gomez sat silently and cried, she said.  She returned to the Brian Center, where she says memories of her abuse still haunt her. The day of the verdict, she said, was the best day of her life.  She was finally believed.  "It felt like a ton of bricks were off my shoulders," said the woman, who suffers from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and congestive heart failure. "I wanted to scream in the courtroom, 'Yeehaw!'"  News of the verdict quickly made its way around town, reaching another woman who had accused Gomez of sexual abuse -- the stroke victim who had been sent to the psych ward.  The stroke victim sent to the psychiatric ward after accusing Gomez of molesting her says his sentence is not enough.  "I was glad that people did believe it, and something was done about it," she said, speaking on the phone from the facility where she lives now, many miles from the Brian Center. But she wasn't satisfied with the outcome. "What he did was a lot worse than what he's paying for."  The nurse who supervised Gomez and defied her boss by triggering the police investigation said she, too, was also glad the victims were believed. Even if her life has been upended.  She said she suffered panic attacks for months leading up to the trial. She was fired from the Brian Center days after notifying police, and she said she plans to sue the facility to make a statement: that nurses will not be forced to act unethically.  "I couldn't live with myself if I did not make the call," said 36-year-old Krista Shalda. "I could not go to bed at night if I knew I was the reason someone was getting sexually assaulted."  She doubts she will ever work in a nursing home again. Facilities are reluctant to hire a whistleblower, she said. She also knows that she wouldn't be able to stop herself from worrying about what could be happening behind closed doors.) = 1
(Editor's note: Matt Bors was born in 1983 and was a 2012 Pulitzer Prize Finalist in editorial cartooning. He regularly tweets stuff on Twitter and has a new book out: "Life Begins At Incorporation.") = 1
(A gospel choir sang the National Anthem. The crowd cheered after its native son, who grew up in a historically working class and mostly black section of the Northern California city, pledged his oath.  He was "our Barack Obama," said Ernie Daniels, a retired African-American police captain in Sacramento who mentored Hahn.  "Finally, we were able to get somebody that's from our community," Daniels, 68, said this week. "Everybody was so proud."  Now, Hahn, 49, who took the reins at a time of already strained relations between police and residents, finds himself in the national spotlight after the fatal police shooting of Stephon Clark. The 22-year-old unarmed black father of two who was gunned down by police in his grandmother's backyard more than a weekago. The deadly incident, unfolding against the backdrop of the Black Lives Matter movement, was at least the third high-profile killing of a black man by Sacramento police in two years.  Protests against Clark's killing harked back to those two cases, which spawned demonstrations when the Sacramento County District Attorney's Office concluded that officers' actions were justified  California Attorney General Xavier Becerra will hold an independent investigation into the shooting, Hahn told reporters Tuesday. The chief said he requested the oversight of state prosecutors, even though he had confidence in his detectives to be impartial.  Rev. Bob Balian, a Sacramento pastor who joined Hahn and community leaders on Tuesday, called Hahn "the chosen one."  "We all wanted Chief Hahn in this position," said Balian, who also presided over Hahn's swearing-in last year. "Chief Hahn is the messiah. And we need to give Chief Hahn, we need to give the attorney general, we need to give the mayor and now we need to give the Justice Department every opportunity to go through this investigation."  When Hahn was sworn in back in August, he said he wanted everyone to be able to trust his department, which serves a city of almost half a million people, only about 13% of whom are black . He acknowledged that some people were frustrated with law enforcement, did not trust them and believed police did not care about them.  It's time to have hard conversations "to ensure that every corner of our city feels valued," he said at the time  In the wake of Clark's killing, Hahn echoed that notion, even as his own -- and his department's -- response in the case continues to come under scrutiny.  "This is my city," Hahn told CNN. "This is the only community I've ever lived in."  "I care about this department and I care about this community," he said. "And I know for a fact that we can create a great relationship in every neighborhood in this city."  "Incidents like this take us a step back," he said.  Shooting stokes new suspicion  The officers who shot Clark were responding to a report that a man who'd broken car windows was hiding in a backyard, police have said. They shot Clark because they believed he was pointing a gun at them, police have said, but investigators only found a cell phone near his body. Two officers -- one of whom is black -- have been placed on administrative leave amid a use-of-force investigation.  Angry protesters took to Sacramento's streets twice last week, blocking an interstate and the entrance to an arena during an NBA game.  Police released footage of Clark's shooting 72 hours after it happened, and Hahn said authorities must continue to gather facts and conduct a thorough investigation.  In the footage, someone can be heard telling officers to mute their body cameras. The comment comes about seven minutes after Clark was shot multiple times -- and it has not sat well with the community.  Hahn told CNN he doesn't know why the cameras were muted. Officers are allowed to do so in specific situations, like when they're talking to a confidential informant, he said.  "The bigger question, even beyond this specific case, is if we should allow people to mute their mics at all or under those circumstances," he said Tuesday. "We were already looking at that before this incident happened, but I think this incident is a perfect example of why that is problematic."  "Any time there is muting on this camera, it builds suspicion -- as it has in this case. And that is not healthy for us in our relationship with our community," Hahn told CNN affiliate KCRA  'We had a shining star'  Hahn was a baby when Mary Jean Hahn , a white woman reared in Minnesota, adopted him. She moved from the more affluent Fair Oaks area of Sacramento to predominantly black Oak Park because she wanted her son to grow up in a black community, said Charles Wesley Garrison, a family friend.  When Daniel Hahn was 16, he punched a wall after his mother scolded him for doing poorly in school, Hahn told The Sacramento Bee last July. Mary Jean called the police, and her son was taken into custody . He was booked for resisting arrest and spent four hours in a juvenile hall, the newspaper reported.  The encounter set Daniel Hahn on the right path, Garrison told CNN this week.  Three years later, while attending Sacramento City College in 1987, he joined the Sacramento police "by accident," he told the crowd at his inauguration.  "Someone took a chance on me," he said.  Veteran officers, like Daniels, saw promise in Hahn. They encouraged him to do everything he could to eliminate barriers to promotion. Still with the force, he graduated in 1995 from California State University Sacramento with a bachelor's degree in business administration, then earned his master's in public administration from National University.  "We saw that we had a shining star there," Daniels said, noting Hahn's "Hollywood good looks." "I put him on every poster that we had."  Hahn became police chief seven years ago in nearby Roseville, California. When he returned to lead the Sacramento department, he reportedly lived in south Sacramento with his wife and two children.  Mary Jean, a longtime community activist, lived long enough to stand at her son's side as he was sworn in last August. She died last month at age 78.  "I'm here because my community carried me here," he said at the swearing-in ceremony. "I'm here because the heart of Mary Jean Hahn willed me here."  Tapping into the neighborhood  Hahn's supporters have faith that he's the right person to mend the rift between skeptics and the police department because he trusts residents.  "It was his instinct to call me," she said this week. "I was just a community leader, but he saw great value in that."  A resident's surveillance system eventually led to an arrest in the killing. Hahn also called Ashby to plan a community meeting to address a rash of burglaries. Her participation was vital, Ashby recalled Hahn saying, so she cut short a vacation to be there.  Hahn also oversaw a criminal justice academy at several Sacramento high schools, said Sonia Lewis, a former criminal justice program teacher who is now a chapter leader of Black Lives Matter Sacramento.  Hahn "fought for kids in that program," she said, and supported initiatives like a crime-scene investigation class and a week-long trip for students to New York and Washington.  'The system has to want to change'  Hahn took over a department already working to improve, particularly in light of Mann's killing.  JUST WATCHED Victim's brother: I don't want your 'I'm sorry' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Victim's brother: I don't want your 'I'm sorry' 01:29  City officials had mandated de-escalation training and bias training for officers. The city now requires the release within 30 days of all videos of officer-involved shootings, in-custody deaths and complaints reported to a city public safety accountability office, as long as the video does not hamper an investigation.  "We have also made some pretty sweeping changes," Ashby said. "What's frustrating and heartbreaking is that it wasn't enough in this instance to save Stephon Clark."  Lewis, who is Clark's relative, said she believes Hahn has good intentions but doubts his ability to effect change in a system she believes has been corrupted by implicit bias.  "It makes it difficult for one man to effectively change the system. The system has to want to change," she said.  "This is definitely going to be a test ground for him," Lewis added. "Do I hope he passes the test? What I ultimately hope is that change comes."  Ashby, too, said Hahn faces a critical moment.  "It's tough for all of us. ... Everyone's watching Sacramento," she said. "If any city can figure it out, it's Sacramento because we have everything it takes to figure this thing out. ... We've got the right chief, we've got the right city council. We have the right community.") = 1
((CNN) The Dalai Lama, the globe-trotting Tibetan spiritual leader, will do no more traveling this year, a spokesman said, saying the 82-year-old is aging and "exhausted."  "His Holiness is invited to different countries but he has cut down public engagements because of age," said Sonam Dagpo, a spokesperson for the Central Tibetan Administration. "He is exhausted after teaching for a long period of time. Therefore a few commitments have been canceled."  The Dalai Lama's health is fine, Dagpo added, noting that the spiritual and cultural icon has made trips within India, where he lives in exile from his native Tibet.  "Usually these engagements -- inauguration, ribbon-cutting-type ceremonies -- last only for a few hours, but some engagements are for teaching and they last for seven days, which he's doing less and less of."  For decades, the Dalai Lama has brought Buddhist teachings to audiences across the world, while lobbying political leaders to press China to grant Tibet more cultural autonomy. He has said his exile, while painful, brought some benefits, because it forced him to travel, enabled him to meet new people and helped the Nobel Peace Prize laureate spread Buddhist teachings.  Read More) = 1
(David Doubilet began taking underwater photographs at the age of 12 and is a contributing photographer for National Geographic . He has won many awards and has produced several books, including "The Kingdom of Coral: Australia's Great Barrier Reef." He is a member of the Academy of Achievement, International Diving Hall of Fame, Honorary Fellow of the Royal Photographic Society and a Rolex Ambassador. The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.  (CNN) Hold your pinky nail out in front of you. Now divide your nail into quarters. This is the size of one of the most remarkable animals in the world -- the coral polyp. The life of this tiny creature represents a biological process that helps produce geological fact in the form of coral reefs. These minute organisms are the building blocks of The Great Barrier Reef, which at 1,400 miles long is the largest living structure on Earth -- visible even from space.  Some of my most memorable moments in the sea have occurred in this remarkable ocean ecosystem. One mid-October night in the Australian spring our team, led by Dr. Peter Harrison, sank beneath the surface off Heron Island into a dark world that that resembled a galaxy of stars created by many different species of reef-building corals that release their eggs and sperm into a warm sea with precision timing in a single night. These bundles of eggs and sperm combine to eventually produce coral larvae. The morning sea is coated with oily pink coral spawn, and a tangy coralline odor, unlike any other smell in the world, hangs in the humid air, evidence of millions of years of evolution and one of the most intricate mass spawning events in the world.  Today, this living structure is facing an uncertain future in a warming sea.  Sequential coral bleaching events in 2016 and 2017 have affected nearly 900 miles of the reef. Thermal stress causes the coral polyp to lose its symbiotic algae, which provides valuable nutrients and gives coral its color. If temperatures return to normal quickly, coral can recover with time. But these unprecedented back-to-back bleaching events give the already stressed coral little time to recover. The reef is literally in hot water, living under the Damoclean sword of ocean acidification and rising sea levels.  The Great Barrier Reef may be located in Queensland, Australia, but it really belongs to the world as the most well-known of all corals reefs on our planet. I am confident that even the most landlocked of Americans in the heartland know what it is and vaguely where it is.  When I was a kid, the Great Barrier Reef was the first reef on the radar of my imagination. I listened with intense curiosity as Captain Jacques Cousteau described in his films this remote reef on the other side of the planet. I dreamed of exploring its exotic world full of giant clams, octopus and sharks.  A silvertip shark patrols Great Detached Reef looking a meal.  Looking back now, I have spent nearly five decades underwater recording the rhythm of the sea on assignment for National Geographic magazine. I first descended onto the Great Barrier Reef in the early 1980s. Like many first-timers I was surprised to learn that the reef is an offshore boulevard of atolls and sinuous ribbons of coral that are ramparts bracing against the Coral Sea, a surprisingly lengthy boat ride away from any dock and seemingly always windy. I was seduced, and returned to Australia's oceans dozens of times.  During one northern expedition in 2009 we journeyed to Great Detached Reef in the company of Dr. J.E.N. "Charlie" Veron, the former director of the Australian Institute of Marine Science. His book, "A Reef in Time," is a primer on the Great Barrier Reef and climate change; it is considered the coral reefs' "Silent Spring." Veron guided us to the richest sites recorded in his pencil- and eraser-worn notebooks. We dove on robust reefs, every inch of space taken by up thriving hard corals fighting for space.  A tiger shark protectively circles a dead sperm whale on the inside of the barrier reef.  Once, we were focused on a coral subject when silvertip sharks appeared to investigate the fuss in their backyard, followed moments later by a very large hammerhead shark that circled us and left unimpressed. On our return we discovered a dead sperm whale inside the reef. Eight very rotund tiger sharks were taking turns feeding on the oily white carcass. We slid into the water and documented these magnificent predators on their terms. Encountering so many shark species in so few days was a welcome indicator of a healthy ecosystem.  On another overcast November day 1999 I chartered a twin-engine Aero-Commander in Cairns, Queensland, and flew north along the reef to make a set of aerial photographs. Four hundred miles, countless reefs and three hours later we flew over a raindrop-shaped sand cay perched on a platform reef that seemed to float on a blue sea. I looked out the window from 2,500 feet and saw thousands of clumps of algae surrounding the island.  Green sea turtles moved like shifting underwater clouds as thousands of females waited for the cover of nightfall to leave the water and lay their eggs on Raine Island.  We circled and descended a few hundred feet and I realized I was not looking at algae at all. I was looking at tens of thousands of adult sea turtles, layers deep in the water surrounding the island. I was staring at the largest green sea turtle rookery in the world: Raine Island, a 1.8 km speck of sand that attracts up to 15,000 females a night to lay their eggs under the cover of darkness. This congregation of green sea turtles migrated here from North Australia, Papua New Guinea, and eastern Indonesia as their ancestors have for generations before them.  We flew back to Cairns and returned by boat to Raine Island with a team of scientists and park rangers. I entered the water to witness the most dramatic pulse of life I have ever seen in the sea. Thousands of sea turtles directly in front me were perfectly camouflaged, blending into the healthy reef scape and disappearing from a predators' -- and my -- view.  Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook  Looking at so many gathered in one place, one might wonder: How can these sea turtles be an endangered species? That was exactly the point. This was Earth's mother lode of green sea turtles, all in one very small place and very vulnerable to human-induced or natural disaster. I did not know it then, as I watched and photographed clouds of turtles swimming past me on the reef, but they may well be the last generation to lay their eggs on Raine Island.  The die-off of the Great Barrier Reef isn't just about losing coral. A slight rise in sea level, and the ocean will claim Raine Island as her own and the largest green sea turtle rookery on Earth will submerge and vanish, existing only as genetic GPS code in these wonderful ancient mariners.) = 1
((CNN) A mummified skeleton discovered in Chile's Atacama Desert 15 years ago doesn't look like anyone you've ever met. In fact, some would say it looks, well, alien.  It's a skeletal conundrum made up of perplexing features. It's only 6 inches tall -- but initial estimates of the age of the bones were consistent with a child aged 6 to 8 years.  The long, angular skull, slanted eye sockets and fewer than normal ribs -- 10 pairs rather than the normal 12 -- only deepened the mystery.  Questions surrounding the discovery led to speculation that it was a previously unidentified primate or even an extraterrestrial life form.  The skeleton, dubbed Ata, was featured in TV shows and a documentary, "Sirius," in which a UFO researcher attempts to figure out Ata's origins.  Now, the authors of a study based on five years of genomic analysis want to set the record straight: Ata is human, albeit one with multiple bone disease-associated mutations. And they believe that their findings, published Thursday in the journal Genome Research , could help diagnose genetic mutation-based cases for living patients.  Investigating Ata  In 2003, Ata was found in a deserted mining town called La Noria, in Chile's Atacama region. It was thought to be ancient at first, but initial analysis conducted in 2012 proved that the skeleton was only about 40 years old. This meant DNA would still be intact and could be retrieved for study.  The widespread speculation surrounding Ata brought the case to the attention of Gary Nolan, senior author of the new study and professor of microbiology and immunology at Stanford University.  "I learned about this through a friend who was interested in the entire area of extraterrestrial life," Nolan wrote in an email. "He told me about a documentary coming out ('Sirius' ... you can find it on Netflix now) which was to feature the 'Atacama Humanoid.'  It was claimed that this was possibly the mummy of an alien.  "That was a significant claim in and of itself. More shocking though was the picture I was provided that was part of the online publicity. I decided to contact the movie directors (basically on a dare ...) to tell them it was possible to do a sequencing of the specimen (if it had earthly DNA ...) to determine its origin."  Nolan and his colleagues signed a confidentiality agreement, and the directors agreed to report Nolan's findings, even if the results indicated that Ata's DNA was human.  Nolan wanted to study Ata for several reasons. The extraordinary specimen could have been a previously unrecognized primate species, some sort of human deformity or something else entirely. Nolan said he and his colleagues never believed it could be an alien.  They wanted an answer to the basic question: "What is it?"  DNA analysis would tell the true story. A sample extracted from the bone marrow of Ata's ribs was used to conduct a whole-genome sequence analysis.  It was compared with human and primate genomes and determined to be a human female, probably a fetus, with Chilean ancestry. Although dating initially estimated the bone age of the skeleton at between 6 and 8 years, the researchers found that the remains had a rare bone-aging disorder that made them seem older than the person they belonged to.  At first, 8% of the DNA didn't match with human DNA. Researchers determined that this was because of a degraded sample. An improved analysis matched up to 98%, Nolan said. Given the exposure and age of the skeleton, this wasn't surprising. Then, they moved on to diagnosing the abnormalities.  It's all in the genes  The researchers were looking for what might explain the skeleton's small stature, as well as the abnormal rib count and other bone and skull oddities.  Dr. Atul Butte, another senior author of the study, was brought in to assist with evaluating the genome. Butte, the Priscilla Chan and Mark Zuckerberg distinguished professor and director of the Institute for Computational Health Sciences at the University of California, San Francisco, treated the analysis as though it were for a patient.  It revealed a number of mutations within seven genes. Together, these created bone and musculoskeletal deformities, like scoliosis, and skeletal dysplasia, known as dwarfism.  "There are mutations in many genes, including genes involved with the production of collagen (in our bones and hair), joints, ribs, and arteries," Butte wrote in an email. "We know these genes are involved with these processes in human development, but we are still learning what all the other genes in the DNA do."  Although the mutations found within the genes are known to cause bone disease, some of them had not been previously connected to growth or developmental disorders. The combination of genetic mutations explains Ata's appearance, but it's the number of mutations all present in the same specimen that surprised the scientists.  "It's rare," Butte said. "To our knowledge, no one has ever explained all of these symptoms in a patient before, and the changes in the DNA, or mutations, reflects this."  But what could have caused this number of mutations?  Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.  "Many times, genetic diseases are passed on from parents that are carriers," Butte said. "In this case, these mutations are so rare that we haven't actually ever seen some of these before, so it's hard to imagine there are carriers out there. We do speculate that the environment where this child was developing might have played a role. The specimen was found in a town with abandoned nitrate mines, and exposure to nitrates might have caused the mutations. But it's only speculation."  No other researchers have seen the remains.  The way Nolan, Butte and their colleagues used their analytical tools to understand the mysteries presented by Ata's skeleton may provide a pathway for analysis of multiple genes to discover the roots of mutations.  Butte said he hopes that the technology and tools used in this study can help patients and their families receive diagnoses quicker, as well as helping to develop treatments for conditions that can be traced to genetic mutations.  "Many children's hospitals now see patients or children with unusual syndromes, including those never described before," Butte said.  "DNA sequencing is now more commonly used to help us solve these 'undiagnosed diseases.' But many times, we tend to search for a single gene mutation that might explain what we see in the patient.  "What this case taught me we that sometimes there might actually be more than one major DNA difference involved in explaining a particularly hard-to-explain patient. We shouldn't stop a search when we've found the first relevant mutation; indeed there might be many others also involved.") = 1
((CNN)  If you can put up with foolish goat men, sermonizing lions and the perpetual risk of being turned to stone, the storybook realm of Narnia would make an ideal skiing destination , at least during the 100-year winter of "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe."  Can't find the magical cupboard of overcoats that grants entry? There's a real-life alternative, deep in the forests of northern Finland.  With ski runs that plunge into beautiful woodlands encased in snow -- all eerily illuminated by electric lights, strange glowing mists or pink Arctic sunsets -- the Lapland ski resort of Levi could easily double up for the fictional kingdom created by C. S. Lewis.  Ski air: Kittil Airport is only 15 minutes from the slopes. Suzanne Plunkett/CNN  Even without the Narnia comparisons, Levi appears to be a fantasy land.  It's a European snow resort where, for most of the season, skiers who travel here can have slopes pretty much to themselves.  There's zero waiting time at the lifts, miles of empty runs, boundless fresh powder and uncrowded mountaintop bars -- possibly some of the reasons why Finland is the happiest country on the planet  Throw in the Northern Lights, ice hotels, snowmobile safaris, cute reindeer and an international airport just 15 minutes from the slopes, then we clearly seem to be in a world of wintry dreams.  Levi is a wintry reality though and is as near-perfect a small ski resort as it's possible to imagine -- so long as your imagination also runs to a decent set of thermal underwear.  You'll need those extra layers as soon as you step off the plane on the icy runway at Kittil Airport.  Midwinter temperatures plunging to around -17 C (1.4 F) can snatch your breath away, although the air being gasped is reputed to be some of the cleanest in the inhabited world.  When the sun's out, that same air visibly sparkles.  Winter to summer skiing  Levi's northerly location means there's skiing right up until May. Suzanne Plunkett/CNN  Lit up against early Arctic nightfall, the mountain -- or fell, as it's known locally -- can be seen glowing on the horizon for most of the 10-mile drive from the airport.  The resort's main village, a purpose-built cluster of hotels, restaurants, bars and shops at the northwestern foot of the fell, is a welcoming site. It's compact, modern and looks pretty in the snow.  There are a few outlying hotels -- such as the spectacular glass-roofed domes of Levin Iglut -- and some private homes, but Levi's limited accommodation means even at full capacity during the Finnish holiday weeks of late February and early March, it seldom feels busy.  The central area is traffic-free, except for plastic sleds being dragged towards the slopes. A few ice sculptures line streets overlooked by the windows of inviting restaurants like the Swedish-run King Crab House and reindeer-centric Nili-Poro  For snow addicts, the mountainside Hotel Levi Panorama , with its own dedicated gondola lift, is the place to be, but there's nowhere in Levi that isn't really in ski-boot tramping reach of the slopes.  The village-center Break Sokos Hotel Levi is a good mid-range option with an excellent Finnish restaurant. It has rooms with balcony views of the slopes and the ultimate in Finnish luxury -- en suite saunas.  Levi rises to a modest 531 meters, but its northerly location means regular fresh snowfalls are almost guaranteed during winter, with slopes staying open right up to summer's doorstep in the middle of May.  After nightfall, the mountain changes once again. Suzanne Plunkett/CNN  Downsides?  Although it has some chair lifts, many of Levi's 28 lifts are T-bars, involving long drags into freezing clouds at the top. Those winter temps, sometimes lowered by wind chill, can be tough, even with drop-ins into the cozy barbecue-equipped warming teepees scattered around the resort.  Related content 9 ski resorts you can fly into  With just 44 relatively short runs covering a total distance of under 40 kilometers, three or four days are enough to ski the heck out of Levi. Less time if you're a total pro. But thanks to the short queues, downhill time is optimized.  It is incredibly beautiful, though. Rising up the mountain on any of the lifts is an opportunity to gawp at trees transformed into giant gnome-like figures by the piles of snow. On top of the mountain, everything is encrusted in layers of glittering snow and ice.  Elves, reindeer, skimobiles  Ski mobile routes surround Levi, all well signposted. Suzanne Plunkett/CNN  Even standing still, the scenery regularly changes. Atmospheric mists come and go on the top, with breaks in the cloud revealing spectacular views over Arctic forests. Sunsets cast everything in cool pinks. And nightfall adds a new dimension under the floodlights.  Beside the slopes, impromtu downhill trails lead into the woods for magical Narnia-esque adventures in the deep snow, weaving in and out of mischievous trees whose twiggy fingers try to snatch woolen heads from the hats of skiers.  At the foot of the mountain, there's just one question which keeps popping up as you slide straight onto another lift unhindered by waiting lines -- where is everyone?  It can get cold. Very cold. Suzanne Plunkett/CNN  Turns out Levi has plenty of other tricks up its quilted sleeve to tempt folks away from the slopes. There are cross-country ski trails, dog and reindeer sledding trips and, for the less active, the Christmassy-themed fun park Tonttula Elves Hideaway.  Related content 12 of the world's biggest ski areas  One of the best excursions is a half-day snowmobile safari that takes in the countryside surrounding Levi in a giant circuit of the flatlands around the mountain.  At Perhesafarit , which organizes self-guided and guided skidoo trips, the team kits customers out with felt-lined boots, balaclavas, helmets, thick gloves and Arctic-proof bodysuits before letting them loose on their fleet of snowmobiles.  Dedicated snowmobile trails, signposted and with speed limit markers that seem scarily fast to first-time riders, lead out of Levi and into the wilderness. Beneath the layers of white are frozen lakes and rivers.  Out there in the trees somewhere are wolves and wolverines. Hibernating bears too.  "Every mound you can see out there in the snow could be home for a sleeping bear," laughs snowmobile guide Teijo Haapakoski, a former Finnish air force engineer who now spends his winters in Levi.  Haapakoski leads the way to Sammun Tupa, a frozen-riverside reindeer farm belonging to a Sami family. An indigenous people of northern Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia, the once-nomadic Sami continue ancient traditions of Arctic life.  Cold comfort  Nemo the reindeer keeps watch over the farm. Suzanne Plunkett/CNN  Most of the reindeer in these northern climes belong to the Sami, with prosperity linked to the numbers of animals owned. At Samman Tupa, a few young reindeer chomp lichen under the watchful eye of Nemo, a contemplative older beast.  Haapakoski dispenses reindeer facts, including the Narnia-worthy revelation that the antlered creatures use clicking sounds in their legs to communicate with each other out in the forests.  Another stop on the snowmobile trail is Luvattumma , an ice hotel that doubles up as a gallery and wedding venue.  Unlike other more commercial ventures such as a nearby "Game of Thrones"-themed hotel , Luvattumma is the work of one highly artistic family who spend several months of the year building the hotel from ice blocks of frozen river water and snow.  Inside it's meat-locker cold and bathed in a frosty haze. A long corridor lined with bedrooms leads to the elevated bridal suite. The hotel's centerpiece is a beautiful chapel and there's also an entertainment room, with auditorium seating and a fun slide.  When it all gets too sub-zero, there's a traditional Finnish restaurant built in the style of a Sami tent to retreat to. Sausages sit slowly smoking on the open fire in the middle.  Icy warning signs keep snowmobiles on track. Suzanne Plunkett/CNN  When night falls, Levi has one more trick up its sleeve. It's northerly location means that when the snow stops falling and the skies clear, it's a prime viewing spot for the Northern Lights.  Visitors can put their faith in a downloadable app that promises to sound the alarm when the lights spring into view, or take a late evening trip in the Lapland Express snowcat up Levi mountain where, away from the lights of town, the mesmerizing light displays are worth the risk of frostbite.  That experience alone elevates Finland over more traditional European ski destinations, says Christian Knaus, a Swiss tourist who, fresh from viewing an incredible Aurora Borealis performance, says his homeland doesn't have the same appeal.  "Back there, it's not the same conditions. One day we get snow, and then the weather changes and the next day it's finished.  "Here, you have a really hard winter and so there are many other interesting things to do."  Finland's best ski resorts -- four more to try  Saariselk Ski Resort -- Europe's most northerly ski resort straddles two hills, offering 15 slopes that mostly cater to beginners and intermediate skiers. The season stretches from November to May. Nearest airport: Ivalo, 20 minutes by car.  Tahko Ski Resort -- In eastern Finland, Tahko has 24 slopes offering more than 60 kilometers of ski slopes. It's known for its dance parties, music festival and concerts. Nearest airport: Kuopio, 55 minutes by car.  Pyh Ski Resort -- Billed as Finland's first carbon-neutral resort, Pyh's lifts, snow cannons and floodlights are powered by renewable energy. There's 14 slopes serviced by eight lifts. Nearest airport: Rovaniemi, 1 hour 40 minutes by car.) = 1
(President Trump granted tariff exemptions to six countries and the European Union, initially easing fears of a global trade war.  But it's increasingly clear those countries will still face a penalty.  "It's not an exemption like it's a Get Out of Tariff Free card," White House trade adviser Peter Navarro told CNN's Richard Quest on Wednesday. The White House has said "nothing about letting countries off scot-free."  Last week Trump imposed a 10% tariff on imported aluminum and a 25% tariff on imported steel  except for the countries granted exemptions. Beyond Europe, the countries were Mexico, Canada, Brazil, Argentina, Australia and South Korea.  Together, they account for about two-thirds of steel exports to the United States.  Initially, some outside investors and economists thought that the exemptions put those countries in the clear. In 2002, President George W. Bush imposed a global tariff on steel, but exempted Canada and Mexico.  But the exempted countries will probably still face a quota  a limit on how much steel or aluminum they may ship to the United States each year. It's a tool President Ronald Reagan used on Japan in the 1980s.  The White House revealed its first quota on Tuesday. South Korea must cut its annual steel exports to the United States by 30% between the two countries, which just renegotiated a trade agreement. The quota takes the place of the 25% steel tariff. South Korea will still pay the 10% aluminum tariff.  Related: The shocking thing about Wall Street's fear of a trade war  Tariffs are generally worse than mutually agreed-upon quotas. But quotas are still a barrier that can sour trade relations, and they put more teeth in Trump's trade action on steel and aluminum than some investors expected.  The other exempted nations have until May 1 to negotiate deals with the Trump administration. White House officials said Tuesday that each country's exports will be judged separately. The 30% reduction that South Korea received may not apply to the others.  Despite stock market volatility triggered by fears of a trade war, Navarro said no one should be surprised by Trump's trade policy. He noted that the investigations that resulted in the tariffs took several months. He also pointed out that Trump himself promised as a candidate that he would be tough on trade.  "The president said he was going to come in and get fair and reciprocal trade, so why is anyone surprised he's actually doing it? What a concept," Navarro told Quest. "Nobody didn't see this coming.") = 1
(Photographer Trupal Pandya traveled about 30 hours by air, water and land to reach this native community and take their portraits.  The Huaorani, which means "the people" or "human beings," are believed to have inhabited the rainforest for thousands of years. Until about the 1960s, they never had any contact with the outside world.  Pandya said there is a contrast between the modernization of the younger generation, who travel to areas outside of their community, and the older generation, who make efforts to maintain their traditional ways of living.  Diverse changes have taken place within the community: the introduction of radios within many Huaorani homes, the consumption of food from cities and the adoption of Westernized clothing. For Pandya, these changes were a significant factor in his decision to photograph the Huaorani.  Photographer Trupal Pandya  "The biggest (reason) was to just go out there and photograph the change before everything changes," Pandya said. "I think if I would have (photographed the Huaorani) 10 years back down the line or a little later than that, I don't think I would have got what I just got."  Another aspect of modernization has to do with language. Many Huaorani, who for years have only communicated using a regional dialect, now speak the Ecuadorian native language of Spanish.  Pandya speaks English, so he needed translators to interact effectively. But it is apparent from his experiences with the Huaorani that actions can certainly not only speak louder than words, but be more effectual than words when attempting to convey one's intentions.  "I never started photographing when I (first) saw (the Huaorani)," he said. "I didn't even have my camera. I waited to let them get used to me around them. I gave myself time to get a little easier around them. Even if you cannot talk in the same language, I feel that you definitely connect to them as a human being."  Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography.  Prior to creating formal portraits using his professional camera equipment and lighting, Pandya took Polaroid photos of the Huaorani that they were then able to keep.  "I think some of them saw the Polaroid for the first time, so they were really happy to see themselves like that," Pandya said.  For his formal portraits, Pandya placed his subjects in front of a solid white background in order to portray the Huaorani in a very direct and concise manner, eliminating the presence of any distractions.  "The main reason was to have the focus only on the people and their clothes and nothing else but them as an individual, them as a human being," he said.  Pandya's decision to use a white background also proved effective in highlighting the coexistence between the Huaorani and the different kinds of animals they encounter daily in their natural environment.  Creating portraits of the Huaorani has been a "fascinating, challenging" experience for Pandya, who is studying photography in New York at the Fashion Institute of Technology.  After witnessing firsthand the simplicity in which the Huaorani live in harmony with their environment, Pandya said he finds himself thinking about and reflecting upon what it truly means to be satisfied and content with life.  "I think the question I ask myself is: 'Who's richer?' " he said. "(This has been) a really big learning curve of how to just live a very beautiful, normal life.") = 1
((CNN) China raised eyebrows this month by announcing it will give the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) a $31.6 million grant to build a new headquarters in Abuja, Nigeria.  Accepting the grant, the president of ECOWAS, Jean-Claude Brou, thanked China and confirmed the organization's commitment to promoting future ECOWAS-China cooperation. A press release said that Brou called this a mark of goodwill from China.  But critics questioned the Asian economic powerhouse's motives for the donation, which positions it at the center of West African politics.  African, right, and Chinese workers, left, build railway track sections for the Mombasa-Nairobi Standard Gauge Railway (SGR) line in Tsavo, Kenya.  Earlier this year, a published report in the French daily, Le Monde , alleged that Beijing spied on the African Union through the computer systems it helped install. Citing anonymous sources, Le Monde reported that data was transferred from the AU systems in Ethiopia to its servers in Shanghai. China's foreign ministry called the Le Monde report "groundless accusations." The AU called the report "baseless."  "People will interpret this as a symbolic expression of China's growing presence in Africa," says Ian Taylor, a professor in international relations and African political economics at the University of St. Andrews, in Scotland.  "But the real question is 60 years after independence (for most member states), why does ECOWAS think it's acceptable for a foreign power to build its headquarters?"  ECOWAS did not respond to CNN's request for comment. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it has consistently supported the organization "in enhancing its capacity building and playing a bigger role in peaceful development in West Africa and Africa."  "Our projects are welcomed in Africa," MOFA spokesman Lu Kang said, adding he had "noticed some western media's groundless accusations."  Why did ECOWAS accept?  ECOWAS was established in 1975 to foster economic integration and collective self-sufficiency in West Africa.  Its 15 member states include one of Africa's biggest economies by GDP, Nigeria, causing Taylor and others to ask why ECOWAS isn't self-funding the facility. Had the members split the bill, it would have cost just over $2 million each.  Philip Olayoku, project manager at the Abuja-based Information Aid Network , says the official numbers are misleading and many countries in the grouping don't have cash to spare for such projects.  "For me, reliance on GDP is the wrong way to determine how well a country's economy is doing," he says. Corruption in many West African governments, he explains, means "funds that are accrued for national growth are often not where they need to be," impairing a country's ability to contribute effectively to bodies such as ECOWAS.  Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Bridging cultures  Trade and partnership deals between African countries and China have been steadily increasing in recent years. This summer saw the completion of Morocco's Mohammed VI Bridge, a $72m project built by Chinese development group Cover-Mbec. Hide Caption 1 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Whatever the weather  Chinese investment is the leading source of infrastructure spending in Africa. Nigeria accounts for the most umbrella imports, with trade worth $39 million in 2014. Hide Caption 2 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Access all areas  Trade has become increasingly diverse, as typified by recent deals to export elephants from Zimbabwe to China. President Robert Mugabe's government sold 24 elephants to Chinese zoos in 2015, and despite protests from animal welfare groups, the figure will climb again this year. Hide Caption 3 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Cost of smoking  In addition to elephants, Zimbabwe also exports vast quantities of raw tobacco to China. Sales reached a new peak of $575 million in 2014. In return, China supplies Zimbabwe with telephone equipment worth over $50 million, and a range of construction equipment. Hide Caption 4 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Ben-in disguise  Benin is the leading importer of wigs in Africa, spending $411 million in 2014 on Chinese-made fake hair. The tiny state was also by far the continent's largest buyer of cotton from China, worth $852 million. Hide Caption 5 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Exotic taste  Morocco supported one of the country's most popular habits with tea imports from China worth $211 million in 2014, the most of any African state. Hide Caption 6 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Right track  Ethiopia supplied its booming construction industry by importing railway track materials worth $60 million in 2014, the highest spend in Africa. Hide Caption 7 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Wealth kick  South Africa was the leading importer of bicycles in 2014, with trade valued at $23 million. Libya followed close behind with $11 million worth of Chinese bikes. Hide Caption 8 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Going overboard  Liberia imported ships worth a continent-high $833 million in 2014, in most cases through the famous port of Monrovia. Hide Caption 9 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Total coverage  China's scarves have found their largest African market in Egypt, which imported supplies worth $45 million in 2014. The nations also have a healthy exchange of carpets, with multi-million dollar supplies traveling in both directions. Hide Caption 10 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Holiday homes  A recent report from the Centre for Chinese Studies at Stellenbosch University in Cape Town documented increased Chinese investment in real estate in South Africa and Mauritius, worth around $740 million in the island state since 2005. Hide Caption 11 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Curtain call  China has also invested heavily in cultural projects across Africa. Theaters have been a priority area, including Senegal's new 1800-seat Grand National in Dakar (pictured), largely funded through Chinese aid. Hide Caption 12 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Stadium diplomacy  'Stadium diplomacy' has been another feature of Chinese investment, with new arenas in Cameroon, Ghana, and Angola's November 11 stadium in Luanda (pictured). Hide Caption 13 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Medical aid  Dozens of African hospitals have been built with Chinese funds in recent years. President Xi Jinping inaugurated this hospital and a new university library in Brazzaville, Republic of Congo, in 2013. Hide Caption 14 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Strength in unity  The headquarters of the African Union in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, was built with $200 million of Chinese state funds. Hide Caption 15 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Transport upgrades  China's largest commitments in Africa are to infrastructure projects, such as Nigeria's $8.3 billion Lagos-Kano rail line, largely funded through Chinese loans. Hide Caption 16 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Turning the tide  Ghana has been able to mitigate electricity shortages through the Bui Dam on its Western border, which incorporates a 400-megawatt hydropower plant. The $600 million project was constructed by the Sino Hydro company, supported by Chinese state loans. Hide Caption 17 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Fueling development  China has supplied credit worth over $2 billion to an oil refinery project in Angola, although this has been hit with delays. Hide Caption 18 of 19 Photos: Trillion dollar deals: The China-Africa partnership in pictures Road less traveled  The 50-kilometer, eight-lane Thika superhighway was built by Chinese state-owned construction firm Wu Yi in 2012, and supported with Chinese funding. Hide Caption 19 of 19  Currently, ECOWAS' operations are spread across three buildings in the Nigerian capital, which both Taylor and Olayoku say are "outdated" and not fit for purpose. The China Development Bank Corporation will work with "an ECOWAS designated authority" to "verify records of account payments at regular intervals" throughout the construction process, according to ECOWAS.  That foreign supervision is necessary, Taylor says, shows "a general failing of the ECOWAS leadership." "They can't even be bothered to contribute to ECOWAS' budget," he says. In 2016, six nations had outstanding contribution arrears to ECOWAS. "What that means is either the organization will stop working or it will have to rely on foreign donors."  'No such thing as a free gift'  It's not the first time China has constructed buildings at the heart of Sub-Saharan African politics for free.  In 2012, it handed over the ultra-modern African Union headquarters in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. With a price-tag of $200 million, it was China's largest aid construction project since the 1970s. In 2017, China broke ground on a fully-funded $58 million parliament in Brazzaville, Republic of Congo.  "Obviously, the (ECOWAS) building itself doesn't mean that China is going to extend its influence, but it does send a signal that China is positioning itself as a trusted friend of African presidents," says Taylor. "That influences all sorts of decision making processes ... there's no such thing as a free gift."  Gambia's President Adama Barrow with China's President Xi Jinping at the end of a signing ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on December 21, 2017. The two countries re-established diplomatic relations in 2016.  While Beijing defends its aid practices on the grounds they are neutral and respect recipient nations' sovereignty, Chinese money is not wholly unpolitical.  Furthermore, in 2016 the president of Sierra Leone, Ernest Bai Koroma, confirmed that the Communist Party of China (CPC) had agreed to build his ruling All People's Congress party a six-story headquarters in the capital of Freetown.  China becoming an aid power?  As China grows as a world power, its aid programs in general are expanding globally, too. A study published last year by AidData, a research lab at the College of William & Mary, found the size of Chinese aid assistance to be much larger than previously believed.  Earlier this month, China announced plans to form an international development cooperation agency to coordinate its global aid program. Previously China had no dedicated agency devoted to foreign aid, despite giving tens of billions of dollars in overseas assistance since 2000.  "The Chinese government actually considers the details of its overseas development programs to be a state secret," AidData executive director Brad Parks told CNN.  The AidData study found that at least 70% of China's overseas aid was sent to Africa from 2000 to 2014. While the report noted that "Chinese aid substantially improves economic growth," it also deemed the majority of spending less than effective and warned it may undermine Western efforts to use aid to promote democracy and political reform, at a time when the US is pulling back on overseas spending.  Giving developing nations buildings designed to help their political institutions prosper is part of that expanded aid program, says Aaron Tesfaye, a professor in political science at William Paterson University, New Jersey.  Chinese employees of the new railway which will link Addis Ababa to Djibouti take pictures in front of the Chinese-made Ethiopian trains in Addis Ababa on September 24, 2016.  "We are now seeing China being a responsible nation, with peacekeeping forces in Darfur and Mali," he says. "So I can see where financing ECOWAS is a step forward in that responsibility."  Taylor agrees that in some African nations, such as Ethiopia where China has built a metro in the capital city and connected the land-locked country to the ocean via the Addis-Ababa-Djibouti Railway, as well as built the AU headquarters, most people see Chinese construction projects as "positive."  "The cultural power of China in the world today is a reality and something that is being embraced, given its economy cannot be ignored," says Olayoku. "I don't see anything wrong with China building the ECOWAS headquarters, as long as it does not impose its values.") = 1
(David Axelrod is CNN's senior political commentator and host of the podcast " The Axe Files. " He was senior adviser to President Barack Obama and chief strategist for the 2008 and 2012 Obama campaigns. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.  (CNN) The walls, just days earlier bedecked with portraits of President Obama at work, were covered with empty frames, awaiting a new leading man.  The hallways that had been buzzing with energy were strangely still, as all but the most senior staff had already turned in their badges and moved on. In the mostly emptied West Wing, those who remained packed up a few last items between hugs, handshakes, laughs and memories.  The White House on Thursday was winding down, the day before the wheel of democracy turns out one cast and ushers in another.  As the hours ticked down on the Obama era, I returned to see old colleagues and friends, some of whom had walked into that citadel of American government with me eight years ago.  On that day, the vibe was entirely different. The place filled with the frenetic energy of something new and momentous.  Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Donald Trump is sworn in as the 45th president of the United States by Chief Justice John Roberts. Trump is joined by his wife, Melania, and his five children: from right, Tiffany, Eric, Ivanka, Donald Jr. and Barron. See a panoramic Gigapixel from his inauguration Hide Caption 1 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Barack Obama takes the oath of office in 2009. His wife, Michelle, is holding the Bible, and they are joined by their daughters, Malia and Sasha. An estimated 1.5 million people attended the inauguration as Obama became the nation's first African-American president. Hide Caption 2 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 George W. Bush takes the oath of office from Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist in 2001. Standing with Bush, from left, are daughter Jenna, wife Laura and daughter Barbara. Bush, the eldest son of former President George H.W. Bush, served two terms. Hide Caption 3 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Bill Clinton addresses the crowd at the US Capitol after being inaugurated in 1993. He was re-elected in 1996. Hide Caption 4 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 President George H.W. Bush, left, shakes the hand of his son George W. Bush after being sworn in to office in 1989. The elder Bush had been vice president under President Ronald Reagan, whose two terms were up. Hide Caption 5 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 President Ronald Reagan delivers his inaugural address at the US Capitol in 1981. As the ceremony was being held, Iran was releasing 52 American hostages. Hide Caption 6 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Jimmy Carter is joined by his wife, Rosalynn, as he takes the oath of office in 1977. He was the first president to walk from the Capitol to the White House in the post-inauguration parade. Hide Caption 7 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Gerald Ford takes the oath in 1974 next to his wife, Betty. He became president in August of that year after Richard Nixon resigned because of the Watergate scandal. Hide Caption 8 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Richard Nixon delivers his inaugural address in 1969. He was re-elected in 1972 but resigned two years after that. Hide Caption 9 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Lyndon B. Johnson takes the oath of office aboard Air Force One after the assassination of John F. Kennedy in November 1963. Standing on the right is Kennedy's widow, Jackie. Hide Caption 10 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 John F. Kennedy is sworn in by Chief Justice Earl Warren in 1961. Kennedy, at 43, was the youngest ever to be elected president. This was the first inauguration ceremony to be televised in color. Hide Caption 11 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 A crowd watches the inauguration ceremony of Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1953. Eisenhower, who served two terms, recited his own prayer after taking the oath of office. Hide Caption 12 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Harry S. Truman holds the Bible as he takes the oath of office in 1945. Standing beside him are his wife, Bess, and his daughter, Margaret. Truman was the vice president under Franklin D. Roosevelt, who died in office. Truman won re-election in 1948. Hide Caption 13 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Franklin D. Roosevelt is sworn in for his first term in 1933. He won four presidential elections and served in office until his death in 1945. The 22nd Amendment, ratified in 1951, ensured that he would be the last US president to serve more than two terms. Hide Caption 14 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 People attend the inauguration of Herbert Hoover in 1929. Later that year, a stock market crash led to the Great Depression. Hide Caption 15 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Calvin Coolidge takes the oath of office in Plymouth, Vermont, in August 1923. President Warren G. Harding had just died, and Coolidge was vice president. Coolidge's father, John, administered the oath. He was a notary public. Hide Caption 16 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 President Warren G. Harding waves to the crowd from the US Capitol's east portico in 1921. It was the first inauguration where an automobile was used to transport the president-elect to the Capitol. Hide Caption 17 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Woodrow Wilson gives his inaugural speech in 1913. Wilson broke with tradition and did not host any inaugural balls. Hide Caption 18 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 William Howard Taft stands on the inaugural platform after taking the oath of office in 1909. His inauguration was held indoors because of a blizzard the day before. Hide Caption 19 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Theodore Roosevelt takes the oath of office in 1901. He was vice president to William McKinley, who died in office. Roosevelt, a distant cousin of future President Franklin D. Roosevelt, was the youngest president in history at 42 years of age. He was re-elected in 1904. Hide Caption 20 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 William McKinley delivers his inaugural address in 1897. His inauguration was the first to be recorded on a movie camera. He died in office shortly after being re-elected in 1900. Hide Caption 21 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 This engraved illustration of Benjamin Harrison's inauguration appeared on the cover of Harper's Weekly in 1889. It was raining during the ceremony. Hide Caption 22 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Grover Cleveland was the only president to serve two non-consecutive terms. He was inaugurated in 1885 (seen here) and 1893. Hide Caption 23 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Chester A. Arthur became the nation's 21st president after the death of James A. Garfield. There have been eight times in US history when a vice president has assumed the presidency because the president died in office. Hide Caption 24 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 President James A. Garfield views the inauguration ceremonies in 1881. He was the first to watch the parade from a stand built in front of White House. Hide Caption 25 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Chief Justice Morrison R. Waite administers the oath of office to Rutherford B. Hayes. The usual inauguration day back then, March 4, fell on a Sunday in 1877. So the public ceremony was held on a Monday. Hide Caption 26 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Ulysses S. Grant takes the oath of office in front of a large crowd in 1869. Grant, the former Army general who helped the Union win the Civil War, served two terms. Hide Caption 27 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 After the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln, Vice President Andrew Johnson assumed the presidency in a Washington hotel in 1865. Hide Caption 28 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Abraham Lincoln gives his inaugural address in 1861. The nation was on the brink of the Civil War, so Lincoln was heavily protected during his procession to the Capitol. Hide Caption 29 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 The 1857 inauguration of James Buchanan was the first inauguration ceremony known to be photographed. Hide Caption 30 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Military units precede Franklin Pierce's carriage down Pennsylvania Avenue during his inauguration day parade in 1853. Pierce broke the tradition of kissing the Bible during the swearing-in ceremony. He placed his left hand on it instead. Hide Caption 31 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Millard Fillmore, seen here, became president after Zachary Taylor's death in 1850. Hide Caption 32 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Zachary Taylor delivers his inaugural speech on the steps of the Capitol in 1849. Hide Caption 33 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 People gather for the inauguration of James K. Polk in 1845. It was the first inauguration ceremony to be reported by telegraph and shown in a newspaper illustration. Hide Caption 34 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 John Tyler, seen here, took the oath of office after the 1841 death of William Henry Harrison. Harrison died after just 32 days in office. Hide Caption 35 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 This lithograph shows the inauguration of William Henry Harrison in 1841. Harrison delivered the longest inaugural address in history (about 8,500 words). He caught a cold and died from pneumonia a month later. Hide Caption 36 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Martin Van Buren was inaugurated in 1837. For the first time in history, the president-elect and the outgoing president rode to the inauguration together. Hide Caption 37 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Andrew Jackson was inaugurated at the US Capitol in 1829. He was re-elected in 1833. Hide Caption 38 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 John Quincy Adams, son of former President John Adams, was inaugurated in 1825. He is one of only three presidents who did not use a Bible at his inauguration. He opted for a volume of law. Theodore Roosevelt used no Bible or book at his first inauguration in 1901. Lyndon B. Johnson used John F. Kennedy's Roman Catholic Missal during his hastily arranged swearing-in aboard Air Force One. Hide Caption 39 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 James Monroe's inauguration in 1817 was the first time that the swearing-in ceremony was held outside. The Capitol building was still under repair from its damage in the War of 1812. Hide Caption 40 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 James Madison, the fourth US president, was inaugurated in 1809 and was the first to hold an inaugural ball to celebrate. Hide Caption 41 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 Thomas Jefferson arrives on horseback for his inauguration in 1801. It was the first one held at the US Capitol. Hide Caption 42 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 John Adams, the second US president, took the oath of office at the House Chamber Congress Hall in Philadelphia. Hide Caption 43 of 44 Photos: Presidential inaugurations since 1789 George Washington delivers his inaugural address at New York's Federal Hall in April 1789. It was 13 years after the Declaration of Independence and more than a year and a half after the Constitution was ratified. Hide Caption 44 of 44  Even as we located our offices and familiarized ourselves with our rarified surroundings, we plunged into the work of saving the country from an epic economic crisis -- the worst since the Great Depression. There were two wars raging and 180,000 troops in harm's way and Osama bin Laden was alive and still plotting against America.  What we would quickly learn is that as we labored through these challenges, others would arrive unexpectedly. Pirates, pandemics and massive oil leaks on the sea floor do not fit neatly into your planning calendar. That's the nature of the presidency. Events have a way of hijacking your days and the story.  I smiled the other day when the president, at his final news conference, shared the advice he had given his children in times of stress. "The only thing that's the end of the world...is the end of the world," he said.  His wisdom and equanimity had helped the country and buoyed his staff through times that felt as if they could be the end of the world. And those qualities were on display again these past two months when a stunning election result left so many unsettled.  Those who lingered at the White House on Thursday wondered which pieces of Obama's legacy would survive the stark change of leadership that Friday will bring. But there are so many things that simply cannot be erased.  History will record that at a time of maximum crisis, this president made a series of courageous and difficult decisions to save our economy and the American auto industry. I was there. I saw it. He never flinched.  Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program  In 2010, first lady Michelle Obama started Let's Move!, an initiative to address childhood obesity and help all our kids grow up healthy. Here she participates in musical activities with students in an event at Orr Elementary School in Washington in 2013. Hide Caption 1 of 12 Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program MIchelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program  The theme for the fifth year anniversary of Let's Move! is: Celebrate, challenge, champion. The first lady joins in at the Healthy Kids Fair on the South Lawn of the White House in 2009. Hide Caption 2 of 12 Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program MIchelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program  Across America, cities, towns and counties are supporting healthy afters-school programs and youth sports leagues. Here kids attend a Let's Move! event at Woldenberg Park in New Orleans in 2010.  Hide Caption 3 of 12 Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program MIchelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program  Through the initiative, millions of kids are attending healthier day care centers, where fruits and vegetables have replaced cookies and juice. Michelle Obama speaks at a Let's Move! Walmart announcement at The Arc in Washington in 2010. Hide Caption 4 of 12 Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program MIchelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program  Nearly 9 million kids participate in the Let's Move! Active Schools program and get 60 minutes of physical activity a day. Nearly 5 million kids will be attending healthier after-school programs in the next five years. The first lady meets with students in New Hampshire Estates Elementary School in Silver Spring, Maryland, in 2010.  Hide Caption 5 of 12 Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program MIchelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program  The first lady speaks about Let's Move! at the Visitors Center in Red Rock Canyon, Nevada, in 2010. Hide Caption 6 of 12 Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program MIchelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program  Childhood obesity rates have finally stopped rising -- and obesity rates are actually falling among our youngest children, according to Let's Move! initiative. The first lady attends the White House Kitchen Garden harvest on the South Lawn in 2010. Hide Caption 7 of 12 Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program MIchelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program  While Let's Move! has made strides in helping kids become healthy, the statistics are still daunting. Here she attends a partnership event with Chicago Blackhawks and Washington Capitals players on the South Lawn of the White House in 2011. Hide Caption 8 of 12 Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program MIchelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program  First lady Michelle Obama and Ellen DeGeneres dance during a taping of "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" marking the second anniversary of Let's Move! in Burbank, California, in 2012. Hide Caption 9 of 12 Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program MIchelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program  America still spends nearly $200 billion a year on obesity-related health care costs, and that figure will jump to nearly $350 billion a year by 2018, according to Let's Move! campaign. Michelle Obama visits the Fresh Grocer store in Philadelphia in 2010. Hide Caption 10 of 12 Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program MIchelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program  The first lady attends a chef's demonstration with third-grade students from Pocantico Hill School and John F. Kennedy Magnet School, before a luncheon at Blue Hill Farm in Pocantico Hills, New York, in 2010. Hide Caption 11 of 12 Photos: Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program MIchelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' program  First lady says she is committed to giving kids the healthy futures they deserve. Here she works with chefs and students in the White House Kitchen Garden on the South Lawn in 2010. Hide Caption 12 of 12  He had the foresight, through the Recovery Act, to plant the seeds of a renewable energy industry that has blossomed and is the future. It will not be turned back.  He fought for equal rights for all Americans and helped lead to a sea change in how gay Americans are treated. On this issue, our country is not going back.  And while the incoming administration and Congress have made the repeal of Obamacare their rallying cry, no longer is it considered acceptable for people with pre-existing conditions to be refused insurance, or women to be charged exponentially more than men.  Americans now expect to be able to cover their adult children up to the age of 26, and they won't accept any plan that dumps 20 million Americans from the insurance rolls.  The reforms that have cut costs and improved care and helped curb runaway inflation in health care spending have changed the industry in lasting ways.  Perhaps spurred by fears of repeal without an adequate replacement, the health care law derisively named for the president by its opponents has never polled as well or been as popular as it is today.  Obama has shifted the starting point for the debate on health care. Wherever it lands, we are never going back to where we were eight years ago.  Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Barack Obama, then a Democratic presidential hopeful, addresses voters at a January 2008 rally in Des Moines, Iowa, accompanied by his wife, Michelle, and daughters Malia and Sasha, then 9 and 6, respectively. Click through the gallery to see how the Obama girls grew up before the nation after their father's 2008 election as President. Hide Caption 1 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The family hands out food for Thanksgiving in their hometown of Chicago in November 2008 shortly after Barack Obama's campaign victory. Hide Caption 2 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Obama takes the oath of office with his family by his side on January 20, 2009, at the US Capitol. Sasha is at far right, next to Malia. Hide Caption 3 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The President takes Malia, left, and Sasha for a walk with their new dog, Bo, on the South Lawn of the White House in April 2009. The Portuguese water dog was a gift from Sen. Edward Kennedy. The first family chose the purebreed puppy largely because of Malia's allergies. Hide Caption 4 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Sasha watches her dad from the Truman Balcony after he arrives on the South Lawn of the White House in May 2009. Hide Caption 5 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Sasha and Malia play with Bo as they wait for their dad's helicopter to land at the White House in September 2009. Hide Caption 6 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Sasha looks at a turkey named Courage during a Thanksgiving tradition to "pardon" a turkey in November 2009. Hide Caption 7 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Malia and Sasha read a book to children during a visit to a hospital in Washington in December 2009. Hide Caption 8 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present With an assist from his wife and daughters, Obama presses the button to light the National Christmas Tree on December 2009 at the Ellipse near the White House. Hide Caption 9 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Sasha and her mother serve meals to the needy in Washington in January 2010. The President and Malia also helped in the dining room. Hide Caption 10 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present President Obama and Sasha watch a WNBA game in Washington in August 2010. Hide Caption 11 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The first lady and her daughters read to children as they visit a community center in Johannesburg in June 2011. Hide Caption 12 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The first family greets children dressed as elves at a museum in Washington in December 2011. Hide Caption 13 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The President walks with his daughters after a visit to Sea Life Park in Hawaii in December 2011. Hide Caption 14 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The first family sings with Kermit the Frog at the National Tree lighting ceremony in December 2011. Hide Caption 15 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Obama gives Malia a hug and a kiss after not kissing his wife, Michelle, on the "Kiss Cam" at the Verizon Center in July 2012. Hide Caption 16 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The first family walks across Lafayette Park to attend Sunday services in Washington in August 2012. Hide Caption 17 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The President and his daughters watch on television as the first lady gives a speech at the Democratic National Convention in September 2012. Hide Caption 18 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present President Obama greets his wife and daughters after being sworn in for his second term in January 2013. Hide Caption 19 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The first daughters take a selfie of themselves during the presidential inaugural parade on January 21, 2013, in Washington. Malia was 14 and Sasha 11 at the time of their father's second inaugural. Hide Caption 20 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Obama, with Sasha, center, and Malia, pays for a purchase at the Politics & Prose bookstore in northwest Washington in November 2013. Hide Caption 21 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The first lady and her daughters receive an escort from Patrick Prendergast, provost and president of Trinity College Dublin, during their June 2013 visit to Ireland. Hide Caption 22 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The first family sings during the finale of TNT's "Christmas in Washington" program in December 2013. Michelle Obama's mother, Marian Robinson, and the program's host, actor Hugh Jackman, are at left. Time Warner is the parent company of TNT and CNN. Hide Caption 23 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Obama and Sasha make burritos at DC Central Kitchen as part of a service project on Martin Luther King Jr. Day in January 2014. Hide Caption 24 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Michelle Obama shares a light moment with her daughters as they visit the Mutianyu section of the Great Wall of China in March 2014. Hide Caption 25 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The Obamas head to Marine One as they leave the White House for a wedding in August 2014. Hide Caption 26 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present The first family takes the stage during a taping of the "Christmas in Washington" program in December 2014. Hide Caption 27 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Malia and Sasha arrive at the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama, in March 2015. The Obamas were in Alabama to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday , when state troopers clubbed and tear-gassed civil rights marchers headed to Montgomery. Hide Caption 28 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Sasha, left, and Malia join their dad as he delivers remarks for the turkey pardoning ceremony in the Rose Garden at the White House in November 2015. Hide Caption 29 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Malia and Sasha Obama, grandmother Marian Robinson, the first lady and President attend the National Christmas Tree lighting ceremony on the Ellipse south of the White House in December 2015. Hide Caption 30 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Malia attends a state dinner at the White House in March 2016. The dinner was in honor of Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and first lady Sophie Gregoire-Trudeau. Hide Caption 31 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Sasha attends the Trudeau state dinner in March 2016. Hide Caption 32 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Obama hugs Malia at the White House Fourth of July party in 2016. She was celebrating her 18th birthday during the party, which included musicians Janelle Monae and Kendrick Lamar. Hide Caption 33 of 34 Photos: Malia and Sasha Obama: 2008-present Obama and the first lady head to the tarmac to board Air Force One with their daughters Malia, right, and Sasha, left, at Air Station Cape Cod in Massachusetts in August 2016. Hide Caption 34 of 34  Beyond his many durable achievements, nothing will erase the memory of a president who brought dignity, honor and integrity to the Oval Office. He set high standards of conduct for those around him. He and his family were wonderful role models, so welcome in these times of coarsening culture.  We'll remember those moments of amazing grace, when he lifted our spirits, and the evenness with which he faced an implacable and sometimes bitter opposition.  Through eight challenging years, he never succumbed to cynicism. He came as a believer in the fundamental ideals of our democracy, he pushed for them and he leaves as their champion.  I stopped in to see my old friend on his final day in the Oval Office. I told him how proud I was of him and grateful to have been along for some of this amazing journey.  "We did some good work here," he said.  As administrations change, it might feel like the end of the world to those who worked for this president and to some of the many Americans who, by the latest counts, like and support him. It is not.  Whatever happens next, he has done some good work that cannot be erased and will not be forgotten.) = 1
(Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump's rosy outlook at the prospect of meeting with North Korean despot Kim Jong Un is about to hit a wall of hard truths erected by US allies, outside experts and officials within his administration.  Trump reacted to Kim's surprise meeting with Chinese President Xi Jinping early on Wednesday via Twitter, saying chances of denuclearization had risen from "not even a small possibility" to a "good chance."  But the China meeting only solidified the sense of uncertainty pervading US efforts to organize in a matter of months the highest-stakes US-North Korean talks ever, as senior officials in Washington admitted they did not know until Tuesday afternoon whether Kim was indeed in China. And a key US ally -- Japan -- is preparing efforts to warn Trump of potential traps in meeting Kim.  "For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity," Trump tweeted. "Look forward to our meeting!"  For years and through many administrations, everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!  Privately, Trump has made clear to advisers that he wants the meeting to happen, expressing few reservations about the prospects of a face-to-face meeting with Kim, a source familiar with the ongoing negotiations said. But in the coming weeks, US officials and at least one key US ally will look to dampen that optimism.  Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will come bearing a list of concerns over Trump's face-to-face with Kim when he arrives in the US next month to meet with the President, a person familiar with the Japanese efforts said. The meeting -- which could occur at Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida after he returns from a trip to South America -- came at Abe's insistence after learning that Trump had accepted an invitation to meet with Kim.  Meanwhile, some officials inside Trump's administration have continued to privately cast doubts that a meeting with Kim will ever materialize, even as Trump himself has pressured his aides to make headway on organizing the historic encounter.  Just this month -- days before Trump quickly accepted North Korea's invitation to meet -- senior administration officials told reporters the US would not hold direct talks until North Korea takes "concrete steps" toward denuclearization. That condition has since been discarded, but now those officials are working to ensure Trump does not walk into his meeting with Kim with unduly high expectations.  "I wouldn't say optimism is called for right now. I would be very cautious because ... what North Korea expects out of this summit and what the US expect may not be potentially aligned," said Sue Mi Terry, a former CIA analyst and North Korea expert. "Optimism is the last word I would use for this."  US planning  The planning for a summit has included Mike Pompeo, the director of the CIA whom Trump has tapped to become secretary of state. That shakeup was announced on the heels of the diplomatic breakthrough, and senior administration officials attributed the change to Trump's closer alignment with Pompeo on the issue.  As the White House works to secure his confirmation, Pompeo and a team at the CIA have been working through intelligence backchannels to make preparations for the Kim talks. Meanwhile, officials at the State Department -- led by Marc Knapper, the charg d'affaires in Seoul, and Susan Thornton, the assistant secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific affairs -- have been working separately to prepare for the summit.  That's included the logistical work that goes into any presidential travel abroad, including potential locations and necessary staffing. It's also encompassed a thorough accounting of past attempts at talks with the North Koreans in the hopes of identifying potential pitfalls.  The efforts have fed into a working group convened by the National Security Council's top Asia hand, Matthew Pottinger. But the leadership of the NSC is due to change soon. Trump announced last week he was shoving aside his national security adviser H.R. McMaster for John Bolton, the arch-hawk who has in the past advocated military action against North Korea.  In appearances on Fox News, his former employer, Bolton has praised Trump's willingness to meet Kim, even suggesting the summit be held as soon as the end of March. But he's also warned against drawing out negotiations, and has suggested the Trump-Kim meeting be cut short if the President determines North Korea isn't serious about denuclearization.  With Bolton and Pompeo at Trump's side, experts have said the US may take a harder line against North Korea -- which could be newly emboldened by its dialogue with China.  A shifting timeline for the talks has reflected the massive diplomatic undertaking. When South Korea's national security adviser originally announced Trump's willingness to meet with Kim, he said the President intended for them to occur "by May." A week later, the White House said in a description of a phone call Trump held with the South Korean President that the talks were on track to happen "by the end of May." On Tuesday, press secretary Sarah Sanders declined to offer a deadline at all, saying only that "no time or date" had been set.  Many unknowns  US officials say the talks will most likely take place in late May -- or perhaps even June -- should they occur. It's also entirely unclear where the meeting will be held. Officials and analysts have said the Demilitarized Zone on the Korean border is a possibility, along with neutral sites in Europe like Sweden or Switzerland, or even remote capitals, such as Ulan Bator in Mongolia. Trump is not fond of the logistics of foreign travel, such as sleeping in foreign hotels, people close to him have said. And Kim had never left North Korea as leader before this week.  The White House has declined to say whether official contact has yet been established between North Korea and Washington, which would allow US officials to confirm whether Kim had indeed vowed to halt missile and nuclear testing ahead of talks. In the absence of that confirmation, Trump and his aides have relied partly on the characterizations of the South Koreans, who came bearing the invitation earlier this month, and the Chinese, who provided a briefing to the White House on Tuesday after Kim and President Xi Jinping met in Beijing.  According to Chinese state media, Kim told Xi he was open to summit talks with Trump. But the North Koreans have not themselves confirmed Kim's intent to meet with Trump.  "If South Korea and the United States respond with good will to our efforts and create an atmosphere of peace and stability, and take phased, synchronized measures to achieve peace, the issue of the denuclearization of the peninsula can reach resolution," Kim said, according to Xinhua.  Some US officials saw Kim's surprise trip to China as a sign of improving odds that talks between Trump and the North Korean leader will eventually come to pass, saying Kim appears willing to engage in diplomacy. But others saw the trip -- which occurred with little US involvement -- as an indication that Beijing was exerting itself in the proceedings.  US officials said they got no advance warning from the Chinese that Kim was steaming toward Beijing in his heavily armored train for his first foreign visit since assuming power. On Monday and Tuesday, senior officials in Washington admitted they had little idea whether the mysterious hunter green locomotive had indeed hauled Kim to China and not another senior North Korean official.  Senior administration officials spent Wednesday trying to decipher North Korean intentions following Kim's meeting with Xi. Some officials noted the optics -- including body language and rhetoric -- from both the North Koreans and the Chinese was hardly warm and fuzzy, determining the meeting appeared like it was for show.  China's ambassador in Washington, Cui Tiankai, traveled to the White House on Tuesday afternoon to brief officials, confirming that it was indeed Kim who had paid a visit to President Xi Jinping. In their conversations, they dictated a message to Trump from Xi which was subsequently shared with the President, who himself hailed the developments on Twitter.  "Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me," Trump wrote in the early morning hours of Wednesday. "In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!"  Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime, and unfortunately, maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2018  That message provided at least some solace to US allies, some of whom are concerned Trump's eagerness to meet with Kim could lead to a loosening of sanctions. In a statement, the White House said it regarded Kim's visit as "further evidence that our campaign of maximum pressure is creating the appropriate atmosphere for dialogue with North Korea."  Japanese role  The document the Japanese are preparing ahead of Abe's talks with Trump will underscore the importance of maintaining sanctions pressure on North Korea, the person familiar with the efforts said. Tokyo hopes to warn Trump of ploys the North Koreans have attempted in the past and "traps" they may seek to lay, the person said.  Abe and other Japanese officials have long been the most skeptical players in the region about the possibility of direct talks between Trump and Kim. They have warned that North Korea could simply be attempting to buy time as it continues to develop its nuclear and missile programs.  Japan is also concerned the US could reach a deal with North Korea to restrict its long-range missiles, while allowing the North to retain its short and medium-range missiles that would still pose a threat to Japan.  Among world leaders, Abe has made perhaps the strongest efforts to appeal to Trump, visiting him in New York shortly after his election and gifting him with a golden golf club. At an exclusive country club outside Tokyo in November, the two men shared hamburgers and signed white ball caps that read: "Donald & Shinzo: Make Alliance Even Greater."  His anticipated visit to Florida next month will be his second time at Mar-a-Lago. His first sojourn to the oceanfront estate provided Trump a close-range view of Japan's concerns over North Korea. When Pyongyang launched an intermediate-range ballistic missile during dinner, the club's patio was transformed into an open-air situation room as the two leaders discussed how to respond.) = 1
(Washington (CNN) The US warned Monday that ISIS has begun reconstituting in some areas of Syria because a Turkish military offensive against a northern city has pulled the US' Kurdish allies away from the fight against the terrorist group.  "We are very concerned about the effect fighting there has had on our defeat ISIS efforts and would like to see an end to the hostilities before ISIS has the opportunity to regroup in eastern Syria," said Pentagon spokesman US Army Col. Rob Manning, discussing the Turkish offensive against Afrin.  The State Department went a step farther, saying that ISIS has already begun to rebuild in places.  "The fighting in western Syria over the last two months, including in Afrin, has distracted from the defeat ISIS campaign and provided opportunity for ISIS to begin reconstituting in some areas," State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said in a statement Monday.  US officials have been warning for weeks that the Turkish military campaign against Kurdish forces in Afrin , launched January 20, could undermine the fight against ISIS, as Kurdish fighters helping the US battle the terrorist group began leaving to help their compatriots there. But the Turks see the US' Kurdish allies as terrorists, and said so as they reacted to Nauert's statement Monday.  "The claim that the operation conducted against terrorists in Afrin would endanger the combat against DAESH is completely groundless," said a statement from the Turkish Foreign Ministry, using the Arabic name for ISIS. "The approach that actually undermines the combat against terrorism in Syria is the use of one terrorist organization against another."  US officials, however, have said efforts against ISIS have definitely slowed.  Manning said that operations against ISIS in the area "have not kept up with the same momentum that they had prior to the events taking place in Afrin and it's not optimal." He added that, "we cannot allow ISIS to gain momentum at this critical point."  The US primarily backs the Syrian Democratic Forces in the fight against ISIS, a group that is about 50% Arab and 50% Kurdish; however, much of the group's leadership is Kurdish.  In a January speech laying out the Trump administration's policy on Syria, outgoing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson made clear the US will remain in Syria until the group is routed. "The United States will maintain a military presence in Syria focused on ensuring ISIS cannot re-emerge," Tillerson said at Stanford University. "The fight against ISIS is not over."  JUST WATCHED Mother in agony after airstrike kills her baby Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Mother in agony after airstrike kills her baby 02:17  Turkish troops, backed by a group of rebels known as the Free Syrian Army, seized swaths of the Kurdish town on Sunday amid reports of looting , heavy civilian deaths and the reported bombing of a hospital.  "This adds to the already concerning humanitarian situation in the area, with United Nations agencies reporting a displaced population in or from Afrin district in the hundreds of thousands, who now require immediate shelter and other assistance to meet basic needs." Nauert's statement said. "We are also concerned over reports of looting inside the city of Afrin. We have repeatedly expressed our serious concern to Turkish officials regarding the situation in Afrin."  Turkey's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Nauert's statement "reveals that the US authorities still cannot or unfortunately do not want to comprehend the reason, purpose and nature of Operation Olive Branch. Operation Olive Branch is a counter-terrorism operation. The operation in no way targets civilians."  More than 150,000 people have been displaced in the last few days from Afrin, according to a senior Kurdish official and a monitoring group.  The Turks' decision to target Afrin was driven by concerns that Syrian Kurdish militias backing the US fight against ISIS could one day help Kurds in Turkey push for independence. While the Kurdish forces have been the most effective fighters on the ground for the US-led coalition against ISIS, Turkey dismisses them as "terrorists" and sees them as a potential existential threat.  "We have conducted this operation basically to clear the Afrin area from PYD/YPG terrorists," Ibrahim Kalin, spokesman for the Turkish president, told CNN's Becky Anderson on Monday. "Those who are sincere and consistent in the fight against terrorism should be supporting Turkey in its effort to clear its borders of terrorist elements."  A second source of friction has been Turkey's threats to push into Manbij, a town where US forces train mostly local Arabs, but also some Kurds. Ankara continues to demand the Kurds' removal and US officials have hinted that in response, they have increased troop levels in Manbij to ensure the protection of US personnel there.  "Our commanders on the ground always go through a process of assessing what's going on in the battle space," Joint Staff Director Lt. Gen. Kenneth McKenzie told reporters in Washington on March 15. "I could tell you that we have probably done some repositioning to make sure of our own force protection ... both down south as well up -- as up in Manbij."  Tillerson had traveled to Ankara in February to try to repair frayed US-Turkey ties, ease the crisis in Afrin, and defuse Turkish threats against Manbij by stressing their mission to fight ISIS.  Manning, briefing reporters at the Pentagon, said that, "We've made that very clear that US Forces are in Manbij and again this goes back to the need to focus on the defeat of ISIS. It's been very clear to all parties that US forces are there and we'll take measures to make sure we de-conflict."  Kalin, the Turkish spokesman, said his government had come to an agreement with the US through talks with Tillerson and National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster to move the Kurdish fighters. "We have agreed on a main framework for the area to be evacuated so the elements will move to the east of the Euphrates" river, he said.  "We have asked the US officials to move them out of Manbij so those areas can be secured by the local people," Kalin said. "We can do it together with the US or other local people can do it in the city."  Kalin also said Washington could choose other partners in its effort to defeat ISIS. "The fight against ISIS can be done with other forces, including non-PKK Kurds," who the Turks don't see as a threat, "Arabs and many other Syrians," Kalin said.) = 1
(They're learning at a first grade level. Neat rows of students read the local language, Khmer, out loud. The 16-year-old off to the side stands out. He's the only one in the uniformed group wearing long sleeves in the sweltering heat.  Phea Chantheng says he's afraid of the sight of his own hand. He doesn't even like to think about how the accident happened. At the Marist School for children with disabilities, outside Cambodia's capital Phnom Penh, the teachers have seen this kind of injury before.  Usually the arms are amputated below the shoulder, sometimes below the elbow.  "It's an obscene accident. It happens more than once on the same machines in some places," says Brother Terry Heinrich, one of the founders of the religious school. He counts about 20 students who have come through his classroom in about as many years with the tell-tale sign of "the accident."  "They are pushing clay into a crusher, their hands are caught, dragged into the machine. Arms are crushed. They have to stand there while the machine is dismantled to get them out," says Heinrich.  Chantheng kept his arm but he was left with a mangled hand. He was working in a brick factory when his feet slipped out from under him and his hand got caught.  It happened two years ago, and 25 miles from the school a catholic mission helped get him into. The memory stings.  He was 14 at the time at the time of the accident; his mother says that since the age of 11 he had been pitching in at the brick factory where his mother worked, loading bricks onto a cart and hauling them off to dry.  JUST WATCHED Shackled by Debt Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Shackled by Debt 02:12  Spiraling debt  Chantheng's injury earned him a new beginning, in the classroom. The rest of his family has stayed behind.  His siblings live with his mother Mok Thy. After the accident, she wouldn't let them help out at the factory anymore, but when they're old enough Mok Thy imagines they'll have to start again.  JUST WATCHED Child labor in Cambodia's brick kilns Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Child labor in Cambodia's brick kilns 03:36  When she can't work anymore, she says they'll be responsible for paying off the debt she owes to the owner of the factory where she works.  She says that 15 years ago she took a $12 loan from a brick factory owner that has ballooned to $2,800-worth of debt.  Over the years, she moved between different brick-making factories. Each time, she says, the new owner bought the debt she owed the previous owner. And then she'd owe a little bit more.  Like other brick kiln workers, she's paid by the brick. She says that much of her meager wages must go toward paying off the debt; there's barely any money to survive on. When there's not enough for necessities, she has to borrow more.  "This is the life of a brick kiln worker," she says.  To make more bricks, and earn more money, Mok Thy says it's typical for parents working at brick kilns to put their children to work alongside them.  At brick factories outside of Phnom Penh, CNN saw children involved in the brick-making process.  'A sense of hopelessness'  In 2016, A Cambodian NGO called LICADHO sent researchers to dozens of brick kilns outside of Phnom Penh after being contacted by a group of families whose children were injured in accidents similar to Chantheng's.  "Often there's a sense of guilt [for the families and the children], there's a sense of hopelessness, there's depression, there's bullying by other kids and parents and other people who don't understand -- and there's lifetime pain depending on where the injury is," says Naly Pilorge, the deputy director of advocacy for LICADHO.  In December 2016, LICADHO published a report determining that the risk of injuries to children in the kilns remains high. The same report alleges widespread abuses including child labor and bonded labor in the brick factories that are doing big business, fueling Cambodia's building boom. The US State Department considers bonded labor to be a form of modern slavery.  Cambodia's Labor Ministry refutes the findings of the LICADHO report. Child labor and bonded labor are illegal under Cambodian law.  The law isn't being enforced, according to Pilorge. "[entire families] are just working. Working nonstop. Whatever money they get barely covers their food. It doesn't make any difference towards reduction of their debt.  "What we found is not only that children were working besides dangerous machinery but we were also finding out that entire families were coerced or forced or tricked into bonded labor."  JUST WATCHED Working off debt in Cambodia's brick kilns Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Working off debt in Cambodia's brick kilns 02:45  CNN visited brick kilns where workers said their debt to factory owners ranged from hundreds to thousands of US dollars. The going rate per brick is a fraction of a cent according to LICADHO. The equation makes it impossible for workers to pay down debt while earning enough for basics.  But the Labor Ministry insists the illegal practice of debt bondage isn't flourishing in the kilns as LICADHO claims; in fact, the Ministry says the practice doesn't exist at all.  "Debt bondage is the direct debt between employer and workers. This is debt borrowing," insists Veng Heang, director of the Labor Ministry's Child Labor Department.  Veng calls it a legal system of advance loans, but he says the distinction from debt bondage is "confusing" and for that reason, the practice should stop. One brick kiln owner we spoke to on the outskirts on Phnom Penh told us all her workers owe her money, because she gives them advance loans for things like weddings and to cover the expense of births.  "Their lives here are good because the bills are put on me," she says. "When they give birth, we pay; when they get married, we also pay. So their debts increase because they borrow our money."  Veng also says a successful government campaign against child labor has wiped out the problem in the kilns entirely. The success, he says, started with a campaign to get children out of the kilns launched back in 2006.  Six hundred government employees are assigned to inspect nearly 400 brick kilns. The Labor Ministry says they haven't identified a single case that qualifies as child labor since 2012.  Children in the kilns  During the week that a CNN crew spent filming at brick factories outside of Phnom Penh, we saw children involved with various steps of the brick-making process, in every factory we visited. We can't verify the ages of some of the children, or if the type of work they were doing would be considered illegal.  All the children we met said they were helping out their families without being paid.  A child working at a brick kiln outside Phnom Penh.  The Labor Ministry responded by saying that workers may be older than they look and that while labor is illegal for children under 15, light work is allowed for children aged 12 and over.  That's not the kind of work Chantheng was doing two years ago. His mother no longer works on the machine that scarred her son. She's moved on to another kiln where she spends her days hauling carts weighed down with bricks.) = 1
(Not long ago, fat was the evil dietary villain. Before that it was salt. Now the sugar-free diet has exploded onto the health and wellness scene -- and seems to have topped many people's list of New Year's resolutions.  Sugar-free diets encourage people to avoid table sugar (sucrose), sweeteners such as honey and maple syrup, refined flours, condiments, soft drinks, sweets and some fruits such as bananas. Some also recommend eliminating or restricting dairy products.  The diet's advocates rightly note that excessive sugar consumption may lead to obesity and therefore increase the risk of type 2 diabetes, heart disease and some cancers.  And it's true we are swallowing too much of the sweet stuff, with the average American consuming around 20 teaspoons of added sugar a day.  But you don't need to quit sugar to lift your game on healthy eating. Quitting sugar is unlikely to improve your health any more than cutting down on ultra-processed foods, eating more vegetables, cooking food from scratch and limiting how much extra sugar you eat and drink.  At best, the sugar-free diet is confusing and imposes an arbitrary set of rules that aren't based on scientific evidence. At worst, such a restrictive diet can create food fear or an unhealthy relationship with food.  Diet mentality  The sugar-free diet is restrictive, with lists of "allowed" foods (such as whole grains, blueberries and grapefruits) and "not allowed" foods (such as white bread, bananas and raisins). This inadvertently promotes a diet mentality and causes followers to worry about accidentally eating something that's not allowed.  People who worry about food are more likely to diet. This may be because they are worried specifically about their weight, or about the impact certain nutrients have on their health.  Research shows dieting is not effective over the long term and can lead to greater weight gain over time. The brain interprets dieting and restriction as a famine , which causes the storage of fat for future shortages.  Dieting is stressful. In response to this, our body releases stress hormones such as cortisol , which may cause the body to store fat, particularly in the abdominal area.  Worrying about food can lead to stress , anxiety and depression, and is one of the defining features of the condition known as orthorexia  Orthorexia is the overwhelming preoccupation with eating healthily. People with orthorexia spend a lot of time thinking and worrying about food and eliminating foods that are deemed impure or unhealthy. Some experts suggest this behaviour is a precursor to, or a form of, an eating disorder.  Estimates suggest anywhere between 7% and 58% of the population may have the condition. There are no clear diagnostic criteria, which makes it difficult to measure its prevalence.  But we know 15% of women will experience an eating disorder at some stage in their life. So we need to ensure nutrition advice, however well-intentioned, doesn't promote or encourage disordered eating.  Cutting out the good stuff  Some sugar-free diets advise people to cut out or restrict healthy foods and food groups such as fruit and dairy, without evidence to support their exclusion. This perpetuates the food fear/dietary restriction cycle and may contribute to nutrient deficiencies.  These diets also recommend people avoid fruit for a period of time , and then re-introduce a limited list of expensive "healthy" fruits (such as berries) while avoiding the cheaper "unhealthy" fruits such as bananas.  Whole fruit is a wonderful source of fibre, essential vitamins and minerals, as well as antioxidants. Two serves of fruit per day can reduce the risk of developing some cancers, type 2 diabetes and heart disease. Given American adults only consume half their daily requirements for fruit, the advice to restrict fruit further could result in people missing out on these benefits.  Many sugar-free followers also avoid plain dairy products such as milk, yoghurt and cheese, due to the assumption these contain sugars.  The sugar in plain dairy products is the natural lactose (a carbohydrate), which is nothing to fear. Unnecessarily avoiding dairy may increase the risk of osteoporosis if not replaced with adequate levels of calcium from other sources.  Sugar replacements  Strangely, many of the sugar-free recipes use expensive sugar alternatives -- such as rice malt syrup (due to its low fructose content), maple syrup (which is sometimes allowed and sometimes not) and dates -- to replace sugar.  However, these are still sugars and contain the same number of calories per gram as any other sugar. These alternatives offer no additional nutritional benefits other than rice malt syrup, which is a useful option only for those with a fructose malabsorption issue, and dates, which contain fibre.  People often eat more of the food containing these alternatives under the guise of it being sugar-free , which could lead to unintentional weight gain. One study found people ate about 35% more of a snack when it was perceived as healthy than when it was seen as unhealthy.  What to do instead  Eat plenty of plants, enjoy whole grains, beans and legumes. Fruit is your friend -- not your enemy.  Most people could probably eat a little less sugar, a little less often, but you don't have to quit it for good to be healthy.  Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.  Savour every mouthful of that chocolate cake or "sometimes food". Turn off technology and eat the cake mindfully, so that your brain can register that you have eaten it. That way you can get pleasure and satisfaction from it, and you won't be craving it again an hour later.  No matter how we choose to eat, remember that health is not simply about the number on the scale, the size of our waist, or the foods we avoid. It's also about our psychological health and our relationship with food, which is just as important as our physical health.) = 1
(IN YOUR HEADSET...  Headsets are hands-down the best way to watch VR stories. You can see the latest from CNNVR on the Samsung VR app , the Oculus Video app on Rift , or on the CNNVR app on Google Daydream . Just look left or right to explore the 360 world around you. Believe us, you need to try this.) = 1
(The Parent Curve offers a look at the norms and numbers around tough decisions parents face. Where are you on the curve?  (CNN) Santa Claus is coming to town -- or so about 85% of young American children believe.  In interviews, 85% of 4-year-olds said that they believed in Santa, 65% of 6-year-olds said that they believed, and 25% of 8-year-olds said that they believed. Those numbers were published in a small study in the American Journal of Orthopsychiatry in 1978.  But researchers say those percentages of young children who believe in jolly old Saint Nick seem to have remained steady over the years.  The Parent Curve offers a look at the norms and numbers around tough decisions parents face. Where are you on the curve?  Research in the Journal of Cognition and Development in 2011 shows that 83% of 5-year-olds think that Santa Claus is real, the study's lead author, Jacqueline Woolley, wrote in The Conversation last year.  "We have found in more recent studies that that number of 85% sounds about right," said Thalia Goldstein, assistant professor of applied developmental psychology at George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia.  "Children's belief in Santa starts when they're between 3 and 4 years old. It's very strong when they're between about 4 and 8," she said. "Then, at 8 years old is when we start to see the drop-off in belief, when children start to understand the reality of Santa Claus."  Nearly three-quarters of Americans say they typically received Christmas Eve visits from Santa as children, and one in five adults says they are the parent or guardian of a child in their home who believes in Santa, according to a Pew Research Center study published in 2013.  Outside the United States, how many children believe in Papa Noel? The percentage appears to be similar in some European countries.  Of 161 parents in the United Kingdom, 92.5% thought Father Christmas was real for their children up to the age of 8, according to a research paper presented at the annual meeting of the European Early Childhood Education Research Association in Finland in 1999.  It turns out that the more live Santa Clauses children are exposed to, the more likely they are to believe that he is the "real" Santa, according to a study published last year in the journal Cognitive Development  Goldstein co-authored the small study with Woolley, a professor at the University of Texas at Austin.  The study involved 77 children, 2 to 10 years old, who were interviewed after visiting a man dressed up as Santa Claus at a children's science museum in Norwalk, Connecticut. The interviews were conducted over the course of one week, before Christmas.  The interviews revealed that 39.2% of the children believed that the man they visited was the same Santa who came down their chimneys. An additional 38.8% didn't believe that he was the same person but thought he also lived at the North Pole and could communicate with the real Santa, Goldstein said.  Then, 13.8% said that the man was not Santa but that he shared characteristics with the real Santa, and 1.3% had a somewhat "adult belief," Goldstein said, in which they said that the man was not Santa and did not live at the North Pole but could communicate with the real Santa.  A limitation of the study was that older children who do not believe in Santa were excluded from the sample of participants since they "may have been reluctant to accompany their parents to this event," the researchers wrote.  "Age didn't predict whether or not they thought that live Santa was the real guy, and then we also found that what the parents were telling the children -- the amount of Santa activities and Santa promotion that the parents were engaging with -- also didn't affect whether or not the children believed that he was the real-life Santa," Goldstein said.  "The only thing that affected their belief was how many other Santa Clauses they had interacted with that year," she said.  On the other hand, age and cognitive development seem to predict when kids start to lose their belief in Santa, said Andrew Shtulman, a cognitive developmental psychologist and associate professor at Occidental College in Los Angeles.  "It's not a coincidence that children stop believing in Santa during the early elementary school years, because that's a time when they are developing more sophisticated notions of what is possible and what is not," said Shtulman, who has led separate research on children's belief in Santa Claus  JUST WATCHED Mila Kunis' daughter 'too logical' for Santa Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Mila Kunis' daughter 'too logical' for Santa 03:07  "In one of our studies, we asked children to brainstorm a list of questions to ask Santa, and we compared the kinds of questions they brainstormed to their ability to distinguish possible events from impossible ones," Shtulman said.  "We found that the better children did on our test of possibility judgment, the more skepticism they expressed in their questions," he said.  For instance, Shtulman said, children would shift from asking factual questions such as "how tall is the North Pole?" or "what are your elves' names?" to more probing ones, such as "how do you fit inside chimneys?" and "how do you know whether I've been naughty or nice?"  Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.  As children move from belief in Father Christmas to doubt, most tend to feel proud that they have solved a sort of holiday puzzle, Goldstein said.  "They now get to be part of this sort of more grown-up group of people that doesn't necessarily believe in Santa Claus," Goldstein said.  "If a parent finds that their child stops believing in Santa and is really upset about it, there are other options," she said. "You can always talk about Santa Claus as being a spirit of giving. Or as a way to help others, or a way to think about people who maybe aren't as fortunate as you are.") = 1
((CNN) The NAACP has described itself as the "oldest and boldest" civil rights group in America, but it may soon tack on another word to its billing: "woke."  The slang term, used to describe an unaware person who has become socially conscious, is how one national NAACP leader described the group's recent metamorphosis. Others talked with unabashed excitement about the civil rights movement becoming "more militant" and "back to the streets."  In-your-face rhetoric is not usually associated with the venerable NAACP. The 108-year-old organization has been like the Cadillac of civil rights groups -- its name still has cachet, but people prefer newer models of activism. It's been overshadowed by Black Lives Matter and accused of being obsolete.  The Green Book, a pamphlet listing safe places to stay and eat for black drivers, was the black version of Triple-AAA during the Jim Crow era.  But something changed when a local NAACP official recently found a way to catapult the group back into the national spotlight. He issued a travel advisory for the state of Missouri, urging "extreme CAUTION" for any person of color traveling there. The advisory evoked the Green Book , a pamphlet that guided black motorists across the treacherous terrain of Jim Crow's America. Reporters started asking if Missouri is the new Mississippi. And NAACP leaders seemed delighted.  "We were built for this moment," says John Gaskin, a spokesman for the group's St. Louis branch. "Cadillacs are built for the highways."  Yet the story behind the story -- why the NAACP came up with the advisory and what it says about a potentially seismic shift in the group's philosophy -- is as interesting as the advisory itself.  Over the top or on the mark?  Start with a basic question: Is the advisory really necessary, or is it a bit over the top?  Consider the history. This is the first time the NAACP has issued a travel advisory.  It was founded during a period of widespread lynching in the United States and didn't issue one then.  The NAACP is known for its civil rights work in the legal arena. But will the legacy of NAACP giants like Thurgood Marshall, in center, matter much in the era of Black Lives Matter?  It didn't issue one after four black girls were killed in a church bombing in Birmingham, Alabama, in 1963.  It didn't issue one when Medgar Evers, one of its most prominent leaders, was shot to death in front of his Mississippi home that same year.  It didn't issue one when riots erupted across America after the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. five years later.  Why now?  Nimrod "Rod" Chapel Jr., president of the NAACP's Missouri State Conference, says he decided to issue the advisory after the state's Legislature passed a law in June making it more difficult to sue for housing or job discrimination. The full NAACP subsequently adopted his advisory at its national convention.  Chapel says the Missouri law "is worse than Jim Crow in some ways." As justification for the advisory, he also cited a report that said black motorists are 75% more likely to be stopped by officers in Missouri than white drivers.  Some may say there goes a bunch of crazy kids. These are young folks who were concerned about their community, and they did something about it. That's called activism. In the NAACP, there's room for everybody, whether it's Black Lives Matter or other people of conscience. Nimrod "Rod" Chapel Jr., president of the NAACP's Missouri State Conference, on the Black Lives Matter movement  "I don't think we could have responsibly done anything less," Chapel says. "We have a society in Missouri that has turned its back on morality. You cannot legalize discrimination and harassment, and they've done that by giving immunity to people who do it."  Then there's Missouri's peculiar history. It's where race riots erupted in 2014 in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson after a white police officer shot Michael Brown, an unarmed black youth, to death.  None of that, though, is enough to merit the group's first travel advisory, one critic says.  Rick Moran, an editor with American Thinker, condemned the travel advisory in a recent column . He says it was much more dangerous driving while black in Jim Crow Mississippi than contemporary Missouri.  "The whole thing is nonsense," Moran says. "It's a fundraising gimmick. It just seems like that's something you do when you're sitting around the table and someone says, 'Gee, we're kind of low on fundraising, what can we do to goose that number?' "  Gaskin, of the St. Louis NAACP, acknowledged that the type of racism in contemporary Missouri is not as lethal as other eras in American history. He cited the 1964 murder of three civil rights workers ambushed on a rural Mississippi road, which was depicted in the movie "Mississippi Burning."  But that doesn't mean the travel advisory isn't merited, he says.  "Racism here in Missouri is hidden, and that can be the most devastating racism," Gaskin says. "We're not talking 'Mississippi Burning' racism. We're talking about the sort of racism of being pulled over and asked additional questions that you might not be asked in Illinois. Folks on your street might not be so welcoming."  The advisory may have done its job. It focused national attention on the state of Missouri and brought publicity to the NAACP, which only last month had been publicly blasted by a powerful group of black ministers for verging on irrelevance.  "The work of the NAACP is more important than ever before," Gaskin says. "If it wasn't relevant, this wouldn't be the leading story of the last couple of days. That's why this made the headlines -- because this is the NAACP."  During the era of Jim Crow, highway travel could be treacherous for black families. Many dressed up for travel but packed their own food because they weren't allowed to eat at many restaurants.  And at least one historian who is an authority on driving while black during those "Mississippi Burning" days wasn't offended by the travel advisory.  Calvin Ramsey wrote the play " The Green Book ," which traces the rise of the unofficial travel advisory that many blacks and Jews used during the Jim Crow era. He says he wasn't surprised by the NAACP's actions.  "I guess they'd rather be over the top than under the radar," Ramsey says. "There's a lot of raw nerves since [President Donald Trump's] election. I thought that we had passed this in a lot of ways, but I was never totally convinced that we passed this completely."  The notoriety the NAACP's advisory attracted is a sign of progress, he says.  "We didn't have a CNN before and people were out there on their own," he says. "A lot of things happened that were never reported. The Green Book was our AAA guide because we couldn't belong to AAA. It was a lifesaver."  Glimpses of a new NAACP  The travel advisory also may hint at the NAACP's new direction.  The group has gone through a rough patch. In May, it announced it would not renew the contract of its then-president, Cornell William Brooks. Its leaders called the decision part of a "transformational, systemwide refresh and strategic re-envisioning."  The whole thing is nonsense. It's a fundraising gimmick. It just seems like that's something you do when you're sitting around the table and someone says, 'Gee, we're kind of low on fundraising, what can we do to goose that number?' " Rick Moran, conservative columnist on the NAACP's travel advisory for the state of Missouri  In June, the group held its annual national convention, where leaders talked openly about trying to remain relevant. One writer, Michael A. Fletcher of ESPN, while covering the convention said the group's traditional approach of working within legal and legislative channels for social change can now seem " ponderous or even irrelevant" because of the "raucous" demonstrations of groups like Black Lives Matter.  And just weeks before the convention, a group of black ministers released a blistering open letter demanding that the NAACP change.  The African Methodist Episcopal Church's Council of Bishops called on NAACP leaders to "restructure the organization" to avoid irrelevancy. The A.M.E. Church is a pillar in the black community and has provided many of the NAACP's best-known leaders.  "Longevity alone is not proof of relevance," the statement read. "For the reality is that today the NAACP is smaller and less influential than it has ever been in its history."  How would a new NAACP look if it answered the challenge by the A.M.E. Church?  It may look a little more like Black Livers Matter.  Ferguson demonstrators during 2014 protests over the police shooting of Michael Brown. The wave of activism following Ferguson has challenged the NAACP to rethink its tactics.  Traditional civil rights group have been wary and critical of Black Lives Matter activists. The movement, which gives prominent places of power to women and members of the LGBT community, is run very differently than many civil rights groups. Traditional civil rights groups evolved out of the black church, which tended to be led by autocratic men who condemned gays and lesbians and didn't see women as equals. Even today, some black churches still won't allow women to preach and few officially affirm gay and lesbians.  Some of that wariness also may be rooted in generational differences. There have often been clashes between older civil rights leaders and the young folks they condemned for moving too fast and being too aggressive. Andrew Young, a close aide to King, once apologized after calling Black Lives Matter activists "unlovable little brats."  Now, however, at least some NAACP leaders are talking about Black Lives Matter activists as potential allies, not rivals.  Chapel, the Missouri NAACP official who issued the travel advisory, says he admires Black Lives Matter.  "Some may say there goes a bunch of crazy kids," he says. "These are young folks who were concerned about their community, and they did something about it. That's called activism. In the NAACP, there's room for everybody, whether it's Black Lives Matter or other people of conscience."  The NAACP has lasted a long time for a reason. There's a risk when you copy the latest flavor. You risk losing your core constituency. Shayne Lee, University of Houston sociologist  Anthony Davis, national coordinator for the college and youth division of the NAACP, is a fan as well.  "I love it," he says. "As a result of the Black Lives Matter movement, the social justice and civil rights movement has been able to become more militant. It's OK to be back in the streets. We would love to partner and work with Black Lives Matter because we appreciate them for what they do."  Davis says the NAACP is already adjusting its outreach to younger people. He says it's creating more engaging platforms on social media to attract youth and touring with hip-hop stars to register voters for the 2018 midterms.  "Over the last year, we've done a good job branding ourselves as not only this historic civil rights group, but the youth and college division is more hip and, I hate to use this term, but, 'woke,' " Davis says.  Becoming more like Black Lives Matter, though, might not be good for the NAACP, one sociologist says. He says the group lacks structure and long-term vision. The Black Lives Matter movement has also been weakened by infighting.  "The NAACP has lasted a long time for a reason," says Shayne Lee, a sociologist with the University of Houston. "There's a risk when you copy the latest flavor. You risk losing your core constituency."  The Missouri travel advisory may mark a new direction for the NAACP, but the kind of leader the group chooses next may serve as the ultimate proof of a new "woke" NAACP.  Gaskin, the St. Louis NAACP leader, sounds confident.  Some in the black community, he says, were asleep during the last eight years while Barack Obama was President. Now they're in the Trump era, and they're taking a second look at the NAACP.  "At that time, they didn't think they needed us," he says. "You don't miss water until your well dries."  The next few months and years will show if the group can not only be "bold," "old" and "woke,'' but do something else:  Adapt.) = 1
(Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump announced Wednesday he will replace his Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin with Ronny Jackson, who currently serves as physician to the President.  Trump thanked Shulkin via Twitter for his "service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS" and said Robert Wilkie, the under secretary of defense for personnel and readiness, will serve as acting secretary until Jackson is confirmed.  A White House official said the embattled Shulkin was no longer effective in his role, saying his "distractions were getting in the way of carrying out the President's agenda."  Shulkin is the second member of Trump's Cabinet to be ousted this month, following Secretary of State Rex Tillerson . A handful of senior White House officials have also resigned or been fired over the last two months, fueling chaos and uncertainty inside the West Wing.  Jackson, who is an active duty Navy physician, was nominated last week for a military promotion by the President. He was appointed as physician to the president by President Barack Obama in 2013, after having served on the White House medical team since 2006. He continued in that role after Trump came into office and quickly developed a bond with the President.  "He's like central casting -- like a Hollywood star," Trump told donors during a fundraiser at Mar-a-Lago last month, according to audio of his remarks obtained by CNN.  Jackson took on an unusually public role for a presidential physician earlier this year when he took to the White House briefing room to field questions about Trump's health, just days after questions about Trump's mental fitness for office were raised.  JUST WATCHED WH doctor: Trump requested cognitive exam Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH WH doctor: Trump requested cognitive exam 01:03  Soured on Shulkin  Shulkin's departure from the administration is a stark reversal of fortunes for the VA leader, who served as undersecretary of health in the Obama administration. He'd been held in high regard by Trump, who publicly praised him and touted a series of legislative wins regarding veterans issues.  Trump even joked last year that his signature phrase, "you're fired" would never be used with Shulkin.  "We'll never have to use those words on our David. We will never use those words on you. That's for sure," Trump said of Shulkin last June.  Things soured early this year as Shulkin was the subject of a damning report from the department's inspector general that found "serious derelictions" by Shulkin and senior VA officials on a Europe trip last year, and concluded that Shulkin had spent a good deal of the trip sightseeing and had inappropriately accepted a gift of Wimbledon tickets.  The report fueled Shulkin's critics, both within his own agency and outside it, and brought into the open the power struggle over how to best care for the nation's veterans. Expanding private health care for veterans was a talking point of Trump's on the campaign trail, and a White House priority, and Shulkin's critics have said he was a roadblock to achieving that goal.  As the year went on, Shulkin grew increasingly isolated and at odds with top aides, including those in charge of VA communications efforts, was so wide that the secretary had recently been conducting his own crisis communications effort via his personal cell phone, telling reporters that there were political staffers working to oust him.  Shulkin's public comments rubbed White House officials, including chief of staff John Kelly, the wrong way. That frustration reached the White House recently, with Trump reportedly floating the idea in private of replacing Shulkin with Energy Secretary Rick Perry.  His efforts to turn around the troubled VA were met with acclaim last year. However, over the last few months his standing with the White House grew more dubious, with political appointees saying that he wasn't going far enough to advance the Trump administration's goal of moving more care into the private sector.  The inspector general's report also damaged Shulkin's standing, though he remained widely popular on Capitol Hill and retained the support of many of the nation's major veterans organizations.  The leaders of some of those groups publicly implored Trump to keep Shulkin on board at VA, saying they were concerned a potential replacement could be inexperienced or in favor of privatizing health care for the nation's veterans.) = 1
((CNN) Blame President Trump for his tepid moral response. Call the neo-Nazis and white nationalists thugs. Fill your Facebook and Twitter accounts with moral outrage.  But the tragedy that took place in Charlottesville this month could not have occurred without the tacit acceptance of millions of ordinary, law-abiding Americans who helped create such a racially explosive climate, some activists, historians and victims of extremism say.  It's easy to focus on the angry white men in paramilitary gear who looked like they were mobilizing for a race war in the Virginia college town. But it's the ordinary people -- the voters who elected a reality TV star with a record of making racially insensitive comments, the people who move out of the neighborhood when people of color move in, the family members who ignore a relative's anti-Semitism -- who give these type of men room to operate, they say.  Riot police form a line of defense in front of the statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Emancipation Park, recently renamed from Lee Park.  Riot police form a line of defense in front of the statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Emancipation Park, recently renamed from Lee Park.  Counterprotesters line the route taken by white nationalists and neo-Nazis during the "Unite the Right" rally. After clashes with anti-fascist protesters and police, the rally was declared an unlawful gathering and people were forced out of Emancipation Park, formerly called Lee Park and home to a controversial statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.  Counterprotesters line the route taken by white nationalists and neo-Nazis during the "Unite the Right" rally. After clashes with anti-fascist protesters and police, the rally was declared an unlawful gathering and people were forced out of Emancipation Park, formerly called Lee Park and home to a controversial statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.  A woman is treated for exposure to pepper spray during clashes between white nationalists and counterprotesters at Emancipation Park.  A woman is treated for exposure to pepper spray during clashes between white nationalists and counterprotesters at Emancipation Park.  White nationalists, neo-Nazis and members of the alt-right movement exchange volleys of pepper spray with counterprotesters as they enter Emancipation Park.  White nationalists, neo-Nazis and members of the alt-right movement exchange volleys of pepper spray with counterprotesters as they enter Emancipation Park.  A white nationalist is seen with a cut below his eye suffered during clashes with counterprotesters at Emancipation Park .  A white nationalist is seen with a cut below his eye suffered during clashes with counterprotesters at Emancipation Park .  A counterprotester uses a lighted spray can against a white nationalist at the entrance to Emancipation Park.  A counterprotester uses a lighted spray can against a white nationalist at the entrance to Emancipation Park.  A counterprotester strikes a white nationalist with a baton during clashes at Emancipation Park, where white nationalists are protesting the removal of the Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee monument.  A counterprotester strikes a white nationalist with a baton during clashes at Emancipation Park, where white nationalists are protesting the removal of the Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee monument.  A woman receives first aid after a speeding car slammed into this silver convertible as it navigated through a crowd of counterprotesters.  A woman receives first aid after a speeding car slammed into this silver convertible as it navigated through a crowd of counterprotesters.  People fly into the air as a vehicle drives into a group of people demonstrating against a white nationalist rally after police cleared Emancipation Park in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, August 12.  People fly into the air as a vehicle drives into a group of people demonstrating against a white nationalist rally after police cleared Emancipation Park in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, August 12.  That was the twisted formula that made the Holocaust and Rwanda possible and allowed Jim Crow segregation to survive: Nice people looked the other way while those with an appetite for violence did the dirty work, says Mark Naison, a political activist and history professor at Fordham University in New York City.  ''You have to have millions of people who are willing to be bystanders, who push aside evidence of racism, Islamophobia or sexism. You can't have one without the other,'' Naison says.  "We are a country with a few million passionate white supremacists -- and tens of millions of white supremacists by default," he says.  Many people prefer to focus on the usual suspects after a Charlottesville happens -- the violent racial extremists who are so easy to condemn. Yet there are four types of ordinary people who also play a part in the country's racial divisions, Naison and others say:  No. 1: The 'down-low' segregationists  Many of the white racists who marched in Charlottesville were condemned because they openly said they don't believe in integration or racial equality.  But millions of ordinary white Americans have been sending that message to black and brown people for at least a half a century.  They send it with their actions: They don't want to live next to or send their children to school with black or brown people, historians say.  Busing, a nationwide campaign to end school segregation by shipping students of color to white schools, collapsed in large part because of fierce opposition by white parents. "White flight" -- white families fleeing city neighborhoods after people of color moved in -- helped create the modern suburbs.  Think only white supremacists oppose integration? These ordinary white Boston parents protested busing in 1974.  This isn't the Jim Crow segregation that one reads about in the history books. It's the covert or "down-low" segregationist movement that has shaped much of contemporary America since overt racism became taboo in the 1960s, says David Billings, who wrote about growing up white in the segregated South in his memoir, "Deep Denial: The Persistence of White Supremacy in United States History and Life."  "Across the country, white people withdrew from the 'public' sphere and migrated to 'whites only' suburbs to evade racial integration," Billings wrote. "The word 'public' preceding words like 'housing,' 'hospital,' 'health care,' 'transportation,' 'defender,' 'schools,' and even 'swimming pool' in some parts of the country became code words that meant poor and most often black and Latino. The word 'private' began to mean 'better.'''  This white separatism continues today. Whites move out so often when nonwhites move in that sociologists have a name for the phenomenon. It's called "racial tipping."  This separation also occurs in the private lives of many white Americans, according to one pollster. In 2013, Robert Jones, CEO of the Public Religion Research Institute, made a splash after conducting a survey where he found that 75% of whites in the United States didn't have a single person of color in their social circle -- they only had white friends.  We are a country with a few million passionate white supremacists -- and tens of millions of white supremacists by default. Mark Naison, a political activist and history professor at Fordham University  Jones polled a complex subject. Many people of color self-segregate as well, and some American neighborhoods are so segregated that residents never come in contact with people of other racial or ethnic groups.  Yet some white Americans are driven by the same impulses that drove some of the white racists in Charlottesville -- racial separation.  "White people in the past century and a half have made a conscious effort to resegregate themselves," says Edward Ball , author of "Slaves in the Family," a memoir about coming to terms with learning his family owned slaves.  "We have to work hard to make our social lives reflect our values, because white people do not choose the company of people of color generally," he says.  Ball once wrote that "unconsciously or inadvertently, all of us white folks participate in forms of supremacist thought and activity."  The angry white men in Charlottesville were just being open about their white supremacy. Ball says he wasn't surprised by their boldness.  "Their climate is now better for them," he says.  No. 2: Those who say 'yes, but...'  President Trump's critics blasted him for not coming out strong enough against the white racists who marched in Charlottesville. Trump initially denounced the "egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides." It was the "many sides" qualifier that infuriated some people. They wanted an unequivocal denunciation of racism from a leader.  Trump's "many sides" response, though, wasn't that abnormal in the context of US history. It used to be the norm for white political leaders to draw a moral equivalence between racists and those who suffered from their acts of brutality, historians say.  It's the "yes, but" rhetorical maneuver -- condemn racism but add a qualifier to diminish the sincerity of what you just said.  White families fleeing people of color helped create suburban America. It's called "white flight."  The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. ran into this "yes, but" response so much that he wrote about it in his "Letter from Birmingham Jail."  He wrote:  "I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in his stride toward freedom is not the White Citizens' Counciler or the Ku Klux Klanner, but the white moderate who is more devoted to 'order' than to justice; who prefers a negative peace, which is the absence of tension, to a positive peace, which is the presence of justice; who constantly says: 'I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I cannot agree with your methods of direct action...'"  President Dwight Eisenhower took the "yes, but" approach when he complained he couldn't move too fast to comply with the Supreme Court's decision to integrate schools because people had to respect the Southern way of life, says Carol Anderson, author of "White Rage" and a professor of African-American studies at Emory University in Atlanta.  A recent Washington Post article gave other examples: When Southern governors like Orval Faubus of Arkansas and Earl Long of Louisiana were pressured in the 1950s to end segregation, they called both the NAACP and the White Citizens' Councils, a rabid segregationist group, "extremists."  The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. once said moderate whites who refused to take a stand on racial justice angered him more than the KKK.  "You get that equivocation," says Anderson, "that trying to make a system that absolutely strips people of their humanity on par with people demanding their humanity."  That "yes, but" approach is often used today to discredit the grievances of the Black Lives Matter movement, another professor says. Whenever an unarmed black or brown person is shot by police, some deflect the issue by saying, "Yes, but all lives matter."  "When a police officer shoots an unarmed black person, even then it's controversial to say racism is a factor," says Erik Love, a sociologist at Dickinson College in Pennsylvania. "We say, 'Why don't we talk about these other issues. What about the crime rate, what police officers need to protect themselves.' And suddenly we're not talking about race anymore."  No. 3: Those who choose chaos  There's a famous line from the classic film, "Casablanca." A police officer is closing down a casino, declaring, "I'm shocked -- shocked -- to find that gambling is going on in here!" -- all while pocketing his casino winnings as they're being handed to him on the sly.  That line could apply to Trump supporters who say they're frustrated by the President's statements on race since Charlottesville erupted.  How could you be shocked?  "This is who he is, this is what he does," says Anderson, the Emory University professor. "'Mexicans are rapists and criminals.' That's what he said in his first speech. Their complicity comes in the form of self-denial instead of owning it."  For those who say they voted for Trump despite his intolerance, Anderson offers this analogy: Minister Louis Farrakhan.  Farrakhan is a leader in some parts of the black community because of his message of self-help and black empowerment. He reached peak popularity in the 1990s, but he also preached anti-Semitic, anti-white, anti-Catholic and anti-homosexual rhetoric . And the organization he leads, the Nation of Islam, has taught that white people are inherently evil.  Fordham professor Mark Naison says America is at a scary place now where open, communal warfare could erupt.  "If he was running for office and black people voted in droves for him, the narrative would be, 'They're supporting a racist,''' she says.  Ta-Nehisi Coates, an acclaimed writer on race relations, made a similar argument after Trump's election in an interview with Vox's Ezra Klein , where he responded to commentators who said not all white voters who supported Trump endorsed all of his ideas.  "As my buddy said, is that what you said to the followers of Louis Farrakhan? No, nobody says that to the followers of Louis Farrakhan. No, they blasted him as an anti-Semite, which he is, and say, 'how can people follow this bigoted message?' That's the ultimate testament -- that you could be Donald Trump and be President. There is no black person who could have the kind of vices Donald Trump has and, hell, be governor. Maybe you could be mayor somewhere."  Many voters knew Trump would bring something else to the Oval Office -- chaos. That's why they chose him. He's their first reality TV president, one writer says.  Many voted for Trump because they liked the persona he cultivated as the star of "The Apprentice." Reality TV rewards characters who say rude and reprehensible things, characters are often cast as racial stereotypes, and those who provoke the most chaos get the most attention, says Joy Lanzendorfer, author of the Vice article, "How Reality TV Made Donald Trump President."  "He would say horrible things about people, act out and break the rules, but people weirdly respected it," she says. "They said he was a winner, and that's how a winner wins."  It's not, however, how many would want a nation's leader to handle a racial crisis.  No. 4: Those who look the other way  Ari Kohen knows something about the cost of hate. When he looked at images of neo-Nazis chanting "Jews will not replace us!" in Charlottesville, he thought of his grandfather, Zalman Kohen. He was living in rural Romania in 1944 when the Nazis rounded him up with the help of his neighbors and sent him to a death camp.  This is who he is, this is what he does. 'Mexicans are rapists and criminals.' That's what he said in his first speech. Their complicity comes in the form of self-denial instead of owning it. Carol Anderson, author of "White Rage," on Trump voters who expressed dismay at his conduct after Charlottesville  His grandfather survived, moved to the United States and lived until he was 90. But he never returned to Romania, says Kohen, an associate professor of political science at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.  "He could never forgive his neighbors," he says. "These were people who, maybe they didn't love Jews, but these were people who lived next to each other. They knew his family and he knew their family. The idea that they could all stand by while life was completely and forever changed for large portions of their community -- he could never understand it."  Many scholars have been vexed by the same question. When they examine genocidal events like the Holocaust, many come to the same conclusion:  Never underestimate the ability of ordinary people to look away.  Some do it with family members. Kohen says the hundreds of white racists who descended on Charlottesville must have family or friends who noticed their behavior beforehand. He suspects that some refused to confront them.  "There's this wink and nod, everyone knows that this person is going down a dangerous path and people passively go along with it," he says. "They don't want to rock the boat. This is family or a friend. It's hard to distance yourself from people you care about."  When ordinary people refuse to speak out, a country can descend into violence -- as it did in Northern Ireland.  This passivity extends to how people react when their country's leaders become intolerant, others say. Once you see it coming, you have a duty to act, says Naison, the activist and Fordham professor.  "If you don't speak up when this sort of ideology is being promoted at the highest level, you end up being complicit in the actions taken by its more extreme adherents," Naison says. "Once the demons are unleashed, you've become a co-conspirator."  Naison says he doesn't think most Americans realize how dangerous it is in their country right now. He's warned people who voted for Trump.  "I told these guys, you can't control this; you're playing with fire," Naison says. "Open, violent communal warfare is scary. You can't control it. Look at what happened in the Balkans, Northern Ireland, Israel."  There's also evidence, though, that millions of ordinary Americans from all walks of life don't want that kind of America. Heather Heyer, the demonstrator who lost her life in Charlottesville, was a young white woman who marched in solidarity with black protesters. Millions of Americans have since taken to the streets or social media to stand against what happened there.  Former President Barack Obama even weighed in with a photo and quote that's become the most liked tweet ever on Twitter.  Obama quoted Nelson Mandela, the South African leader who knew something about hate and reconciliation. In his 1994 autobiography "Long Walk to Freedom," Mandela wrote:  "No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite."  Yet to get to that place Mandela talked about, it may be necessary to not just look at the usual suspects people condemn when racial violence spills into public view.  If you want to know why those white racists now feel so emboldened, it may help to look at all the ordinary people around you, your neighbors, your family members, your leaders.  But first, start by looking at yourself.) = 1
(Story highlights Government says donors gave $187 million over four years to support luxury lifestyles, private fundraisers  Donated funds used for luxury cruises, trips to Las Vegas, shopping  FTC and 50 state regulators say charities committed nationwide fraud  Washington (CNN) In a rare joint action with attorneys general for each of the 50 states, the Federal Trade Commission says four cancer charities run by extended members of the same family conned donors out of $187 million from 2008 through 2012 and spent almost nothing to help actual cancer patients.  JUST WATCHED Federal Trade Commission: Four cancer charities a sham Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Federal Trade Commission: Four cancer charities a sham 01:02  Each of the charities charged were the subject of extensive reporting by CNN in 2013. And in each instance, none of the four charities would comment. We were ordered out of the building at the Cancer Fund of America in Knoxville, Tennessee, and were the object of an obscene gesture by the CEO of The Breast Cancer Society in Mesa, Arizona.  CNN Investigations Email your story ideas and tips to CNNtips@cnn.com.  The Cancer Fund of America is run by James Reynolds Sr. His son James Reynolds Jr. is the CEO of the Breast Cancer Society. Another charity, the Children's Cancer Fund of America, is run by Rose Perkins, the ex-wife of the elder James Reynolds. He's also the CEO of the fourth charity, Cancer Support Services.  The government says the charities claimed to provide direct support for cancer patients, breast cancer patients and children with cancer.  "These were lies," the government's complaint says.  Read More) = 1
(Jonathan Cristol is a fellow at the World Policy Institute and Levermore Research Fellow at Adelphi University. You can follow him @jonathancristol. The views expressed in this commentary are his own.  (CNN) This morning, a flurry of major news from the Korean Peninsula has set the Korea-watching world aflutter.  It appears that major diplomatic breakthroughs have been made between Pyongyang and Seoul. But before you break out the good soju, it is worth examining what's been reported and what it actually means.  A team of high-ranking South Korean officials attended a four-hour dinner with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un in Pyongyang. This was the first ever meeting between South Korean officials and Kim.  Seoul sent a team consisting of intelligence, policy and coordination officials to be sure that all aspects of discussions would be covered. The talks appear to have been wide-ranging and some major developments have indeed been reported.  The unequivocal good news is the agreement to reestablish a presidential hotline between the two states. This is an important development and will help to deescalate any tension between the North and South by allowing for immediate and authenticated communication in the event of either a provocation or a misunderstanding.  The two sides have also agreed to hold talks between Kim and South Korean President Moon Jae-in in late April in the truce village of Panmunjom. Pyongyang has also agreed to put denuclearization on the table with talks with the United States.  Moreover, Kim has agreed not to conduct any nuclear or ballistic missile tests while these talks take place. And, in a particularly important twist, he has said that he understands joint US-South Korea military exercises will continue. Many had thought that he would insist on a freeze in joint exercises in exchange for a freeze in testing.  It is always better to talk than not to talk, but there is a reality that we all need to accept: North Korea will not denuclearize.  Kim Jong Un knows that the only thing guaranteeing his regime's survival is his nuclear weapons -- and that the only thing guaranteeing his destruction is using them.  So here is his calculation: if you were Kim, which would you trust more -- a promise from Donald Trump or your own nuclear arsenal?  Kim Jong Un has said that he would give up his nuclear weapons in exchange for security guarantees and normalization of relations with the US, but this is not entirely new.  JUST WATCHED South Koreans visit Kim Jong Un Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH South Koreans visit Kim Jong Un 02:05  In July, Reuters reported: "Pyongyang will not negotiate with the United States to give up those weapons until Washington abandons its hostile policy against the North, KCNA [North Korean state media] quoted Kim as saying."  The new development is that Kim will begin talks without preconditions, though it remains to be seen if the United States would agree to denuclearization shifting from a precondition to a goal.  Kim likely means that denuclearization will come only after the withdrawal of US forces from the Korean Peninsula and an end to the US nuclear umbrella.  This may be tempting to President Trump, whose disdain for alliances is now well-documented -- and who is, mystifyingly, attacking South Korea on trade issues across a number of fronts. But it should be a nonstarter for Seoul.  In effect, Kim is asking for a concession that would be difficult to reverse -- withdrawal of US Forces Korea -- in exchange for a concession that would be easy to ignore -- a promise to cease the nuclear and missile program.  There is nothing that can realistically be done to eliminate North Korean security concerns. How, for example, could North Korea ever know with certainty that the US would not attack them with submarine-launched ballistic missiles?  North Korea has a history of breaking its agreements, and there is little reason to trust that Pyongyang would end its nuclear weapons program, let alone eliminate the weapons it currently possesses.  But that does not mean Seoul (and the US) shouldn't negotiate. President Moon and his team are not naive. They understand it is unlikely that Kim will give up his nuclear weapons, and while they value the US alliance, they also share a common interest with the North -- the prevention of a US attack.  President Trump's inconsistency and bellicosity will not result in a denuclearized North Korea, but the fear of a US attack in both North and South may result in a de-escalation of tensions.  And the reality of the New Trump Era is that avoiding an unnecessary second Korean War would count as a major foreign policy victory for both Washington and Seoul.) = 1
((CNN) Residents poured into the Sacramento City Council meeting, chanting "Stephon Clark" -- the name of the unarmed black man who was shot and killed by police earlier this month.  In a meeting Tuesday to discuss the shooting, protesters stood on top of the information desk to lead the crowd in calls for justice.  Residents at the meeting expressed outrage at the police for killing Clark, 22, who died March 18 in his grandmother's yard. His death has triggered protests in the city.  The meeting adjourned 2.5 hours early after the city's mayor said he couldn't guarantee the safety of the attendees.  At one point, Clark's brother, Stevante Clark interrupted the meeting by marching to the front of the chamber, jumping on top of the dais in front of Mayor Darrell Steinberg and chanting his brother's name.  He urged the crowd to get louder.  Standing in front of the council chambers, Clark said: "The mayor and the city of Sacramento has failed all of you," citing high rent, gang violence and poverty in the city.  JUST WATCHED Victim's brother: I don't want your 'I'm sorry' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Victim's brother: I don't want your 'I'm sorry' 01:29  "Now the mayor wants to talk to me. The chief of police got my brother killed. He doesn't care. He shows no emotion at all. And y'all get mad at me for not crying on the news."  The outburst forced council members to take a brief recess.  Nearby, protesters blocked the entrance to the NBA arena where the Sacramento Kings play, for the second time in a week.  'Does this look like a gun?'  At the meeting, community members stepped up to the microphone to voice their outrage over Clark's death as well police shootings of African Americans.  JUST WATCHED Grandmother's emotional plea: I want justice Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Grandmother's emotional plea: I want justice 00:50  Several urged not only for the firing of the two officers involved in Clark's shooting, but for their prosecution.  The officers had pursued Clark over a call about a man breaking car windows, and shot him in his grandmother's yard after a brief encounter lasting less than a minute.  Two officers -- one of them black -- have been placed on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of a use-of-force investigation. The officers had said they believed Clark had a gun.  No weapon was found at the scene. The only item discovered was a cell phone, police said.  At one point in the meeting, a male speaker urged attendees to stand and direct their cell phones toward the city council.  "Does this look like a gun?" he asked.  Sacramento pastor Efrem Smith spoke of the tragedy regarding where Clark was killed.  "I grew up in a city and in a neighborhood where grandma's backyard was a sacred place," he said. "I could play in grandma's yard. I could learn in grandma's yard. Sometimes I got a switch in my grandma's backyard. But I never ever thought I would die in my grandma's backyard."  The anger was raw and palpable as some spoke about previous police shootings of African Americans and their frustration over a legal system that failed to prosecute or convict the officers.  One man spoke about Tuesday's announcement that two Baton Rouge police officers wouldn't be charged after the 2016 shooting of Alton Sterling was determined to be justified.  "We go into our investigations and it is determined that everything was done by the book," the male speaker in Sacramento said. "If this is what your book looks like, then it's time to do away with the book. I'm calling for a complete overhaul."  The meeting adjourned earlier than scheduled as Mayor Steinberg ended the event saying, "It's my job to guarantee the safety of everyone in the plaza and I'm not confident we can do that. We're going to adjourn till further notice."  Sacramento Police Department spokesman Sgt. Vance Chandler said he wasn't aware of the decisions behind why the meeting ended early. But noted that one man was arrested outside City Hall for assault on an officer and being drunk in public.  Steinberg tweeted late Tuesday night that "You will have your voices heard," but said the meeting wouldn't reconvene Wednesday out of respect for Clark's family as that's when his wake will be held.) = 1
(Venice Beach, California (CNN) As a small child, she played hide-and-seek with nurses, ripped out IVs to race around the hospital floor naked and left an explosion of glitter in her wake.  As a teen, she got boys to carry her uphill when she was tired, taught her best friend how to flirt and watched her doctor squirm as he gave her the safe-sex talk.  And as an adult, Claire Wineland has continued living out loud, even as her body fails her.  Claire, 20, has cystic fibrosis, a genetic and terminal progressive disease that's landed her in the hospital for a quarter of her life. Ask what's on her bucket list, and she'll say she doesn't have one.  Fixating on a checklist of goals before she goes "sounds exhausting," she says, especially "when you've been dying your whole life." Instead, she'd rather focus on doing all she can in each moment.  It's a sort of wisdom that makes some describe this California free spirit as "an old soul" or "a little Buddha."  I meet Claire in a Venice Beach caf; everyone who works there seems to know her. She's on a mission to normalize sickness, push back at those who pity her and have a meaningful life for however long it lasts. Although she certainly has her down days -- "Who doesn't?" she notes -- this self-described "goofball" tackles life with humor and the sort of charisma that draws people to her.  Claire Wineland smiles broadly at a comedy roast to raise money for Claire's Place Foundation in July 2015.  Still, she says, she must train people to feel comfortable around her.  "I can't just expect people to know what to say," she says, "I have to make them see me as more than my illness."  She's been working at it on a number of fronts: In high school, she created a series of videos that went viral and penned pieces for national audiences, including one for CNN . She's appeared in magazines, on television shows and at teen award ceremonies. She's heading up a foundation, writing a book -- she promises it's not "another happy sick person book" -- and packing in as much as her 5-foot-2, 95-pound frame can handle.  Through it all, she gives public talks. On this day, that's at a TEDx event in Encinitas, a beachside community 100 miles south of her apartment in LA's Venice Beach.  We'd arranged to take the train down for the event. But she'd been fighting a fever as high as 103 the day before, the result of one of many infections her body continuously fights. When I offer to drive instead, she seems relieved. I am, too.  She's chatty and bubbly for most of the two-plus-hour trip, until she feels the fever coming back and curls up in the passenger seat for a nap. The only sound from her now is an occasional cough and the pumping of a portable oxygen concentrator, which gives her the air she needs without the burden of a tank. When I glance over, I spot a tattoo on her left ankle: the "thumbs up" logo from "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy," with the phrase "DON'T PANIC."  But I start to do so when she wakes up and says her lungs feel "funny." At the venue, she makes her way to the "green room," where she sits, eyes closed, willing stomach pains to subside, trying to pull it together. She's set to go on in 20 minutes, and I'm afraid she won't make it.  More than a sick kid  She's been riveting audiences since she was 14, when she first stepped on a stage in a new ruffled dress. When I picked her up at her apartment, she wore faded black jeans and a black T-shirt that read "Sexual Intellectual."  "Life is too short to not be yourself," she said.  Ever since she was little, she found it strange how people treated her. They'd peer down with sad eyes and say, "I'm so sorry." It was a statement she heard so often, it was hard not to internalize. And in a society consumed with being healthy, she grew confused.  "What happens when you have an illness where you're never going to be healthy?" she asked. "Does that mean I'm never going to have a life? Am I never going to do anything or be anything other than a sick kid?"  Claire is one of 70,000 people worldwide, 30,000 in the United States alone, who live with cystic fibrosis, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation estimates. To have the disease, both parents must be carriers of the CF gene. If they are, there's a one in four chance their children will be born with the disease.  Cystic fibrosis leads to an overabundance of mucus, which blocks airways and traps infections in the lungs, complicates digestion, affects the pancreas and other organs and, with time, causes respiratory failure.  At last count, Claire says, she's had more than 30 surgeries. On a daily basis, she takes about four dozen medications, including self-administered shots for her CF-related diabetes, and might spend up to six hours on breathing treatments.  She dons a vest to shake her lungs and loosen mucus, and uses a nebulizer to blow in steam and inhale medicines. She can cough up enough mucus each day to measure in cups. She gets admitted to the hospital for regular tuneups and intensive treatments.  All the while, with her lung capacity diminished, her body works harder to breathe.  "It's like I'm jogging 24/7," she said. She must consume as many as 5,000 calories a day to maintain her weight -- forget about gaining any.  That explains the two large pastries she ordered for lunch when we met, and the French fries she got to go. And it's why her younger sister, Elanore Nordquist, 13, used to get miffed whenever she wasn't allowed a second piece of cake but Claire could always have as much as she wanted.  Even with this carte blanche for consumption, Claire takes in 2,000 calories through a feeding tube as she sleeps, while a machine helps her breathe so her body can rest.  Pineapples and mushrooms  Claire can laugh at the absurdities in her life. She tells stories of strangers who've approached her with unsolicited prescriptions for cures. The produce section of Whole Foods is ripe for material, she says. One shopper told her she simply needed to eat more pineapple. Another said all she required was a mushroom cleanse.  And then there was the homeless guy outside a gas station who insisted that the mind can change reality and that she didn't need to be sick. She remembered thinking, with a laugh, "If that's true, why are you homeless?"  But it was a friend who, when Claire was 11, changed her outlook by handing her a book he insisted she see.  Claire has always welcomed chances to escape Los Angeles and breathe cleaner air. Here, she visits Vancouver, British Columbia, several years ago.  It was Stephen Hawking's "A Brief History of Time." The cosmology book blew her young and curious mind, and she rushed to the library to learn more about its author. Only then did she find out that Hawking had ALS, or Lou Gehrig's disease, and was terminally ill, too.  Until that moment, Claire -- an avid reader -- had yet to find any role models, examples of sick people doing remarkable things.  "His body was completely failing, but he was contributing something incredible to society," she said. Hawking's diagnosis did not define him. "He transcended it."  In him, she found inspiration, though it would take a steep downturn for her to see her way up.  Flatlining  The sicker a person with cystic fibrosis gets, the more work they need to do to stay relatively well -- and the harder it is to do that work. It's enough to make some "CFers," as Claire calls them, stop trying.  She gets it because she was once there.  "It's not that I wanted to die," she said. "But I didn't know how to live."  At 12, she feared that she was surviving just to survive.  During a hospital stay, she had become close friends with Vanessa, another girl with cystic fibrosis. CFers aren't supposed to be together, as they carry bacteria that can be deadly if shared. But these two girls connected at a safe distance, doing art projects across the room while wearing protective masks. They made disco balls for the nursing station out of crushed CDs and glue, shared an understanding and a sense of humor and, over the course of a year and a half, a deep friendship. And then, Vanessa died.  Bereft and facing a lifetime of treatments, Claire asked herself, "Why am I doing this?"  Claire and her sister, Elanore Nordquist, cuddle the night before Claire moves out of the house. One of the things Claire appreciates most about Elanore is that she's never treated Claire like a sick person.  So she began to lie, saying she took her medications and treatments when she didn't. For a year, her health slipped, and she said no one could figure out why. Claire, who'd always peppered her doctors and nurses with questions, knew the language and how to trick everyone.  The day after her 13th birthday, a straightforward surgery to deal with acid reflux spiraled into chaos. She contracted a blood infection that attacked her lungs. She could feel them failing.  As her oxygen levels plummeted, she began hallucinating. In a moment of clarity, she thought, "I don't want to actually die. I want to see what happens in life. I want to see where it goes."  She was placed in a medically induced coma, intubated and hooked up to an oscillator, a machine that gently puffed air into her fragile lungs. No child with CF had successfully come off an oscillator, doctors told her parents. Claire says she was given a 1% chance of survival. She flatlined twice.  Her little sister was 6 at the time. Elanore remembers a social worker talking to her before she went in -- "all sanitized and in a gown" -- to see Claire.  "They told me to say goodbye," Elanore said. "They told me 'she's probably not going to wake up.' "  A winter wonderland  There was no white light. Instead, Claire transported herself to a place she'd never been: Alaska.  Her subconscious journey began beneath ice water, she says. When she surfaced, she peered up at a mountain of snow. She sat amid ice-crystal-covered pine trees, floated on ice sheets while looking up at stars and hung out in a woodland house where animals streamed in to visit her.  After her coma, Claire traveled to Sitka, Alaska, the place she believes she subconciously visited.  Claire remained in a coma for more than two weeks. When she woke up, she learned that her dream world had unfolded while she had been submerged in an ice bath to bring down her fever.  Though conscious again, she couldn't walk, sit up or hold silverware. She had to wear diapers. Her mom called her "Grandpa," a memory that still makes her laugh.  "My body had no reserves left," she said. "It was kaput."  In the many months she worked to get stronger, she found renewed purpose.  "I feel like she had a spiritual experience," said her mom, Melissa Nordquist Yeager. "She came out inspired to help others."  Finding meaning by giving back  Claire entered the world the way she lives: boldly.  Yeager was overdue to give birth to her firstborn when a routine ultrasound morphed into a scene of terror.  She watched the doctor's face as he studied the screen. He ducked out and returned with another doctor. They told her that something was wrong with the baby and that Yeager had to be induced immediately.  Claire was born with meconium ileus, a bowel obstruction that is a telltale sign of CF. Her bowel had ruptured, leaving her belly protruded, and she was whisked off for the first of many surgeries.  "The prognosis was five years," Yeager said, "and that was a maybe."  Claire spent the next seven weeks in neonatal intensive care. Her father, John Wineland, recalls peering down at his daughter as she screamed amid the medical equipment and tubes. Their eyes locked.  "It's going to be OK," he remembers telling her. "We're in this together."  Just like that, Claire's parents, who then lived in Austin, Texas, were jolted from naivet.  Claire has spent a quarter of her life in the hospital, mostly at Long Beach Memorial Medical Center in California, where her medical team is just like family.  Raising a daughter with CF "has consumed most of my attention, most of my life," said Yeager, who now lives in Seal Beach, California. She and Wineland, of Santa Monica, never married and decided to split when Claire was 3, but they remained close friends and have continued to tackle Claire's care together.  With Claire in the hospital two or three months a year, Yeager never felt that she could build a career. She lost a handful of jobs and quit others as hospital stays dictated. She'd take the day shifts with Claire while Wineland took nights. He'd hunker down next to Claire in the hospital, watch movies with her at 3 a.m. when she couldn't sleep, and head to work in the morning.  All the while, Claire's parents -- and, by extension, Claire -- were surrounded by friends. They'd come to the hospital with meals, stick around when her parents couldn't, help rally the family and manage their lives. They also helped make Claire more outgoing and sociable, her dad says.  Claire grew up knowing that she and her parents were fortunate, that too many families lacked the support they had. After waking from her 16-day coma, Claire proposed starting an organization to offer financial and emotional help to others navigating life with CF.  Whether it's covering rents, mortgages, insurance premiums or car payments, Claire's Place Foundation aims to relieve pressure when CFers are hospitalized so families can focus on what matters most. Not long ago, it even helped find an apartment for a homeless CFer who was floating between shelters.  What started as "a side project to celebrate (Claire's) life and survival became a passion of all of ours," said Yeager, who serves as the executive director.  And for Claire, the foundation changed everything.  "All throughout my teenage years, I was able to hold on to the foundation as a means to remind me that I had value," she said. "It's important for people who are sick to feel empowered. It gives them reason to take care of themselves."  Don't touch her sushi  In high school, Claire launched The Clairity Project , a website offering insight into her life, including videos that became popular on YouTube.  She offered honest talk with a smile about dying, life expectancy, even the perks of being sick. She gave tips on how to interact with sick people, answered questions she's often asked and introduced her family . She and her father, on guitar, performed together, singing Bob Dylan's "Knockin' on Heaven's Door."  She stepped away from making videos after no longer seeing eye-to-eye with a production company that got involved. Instead, she decided to focus on what she could control and feel good about: the foundation and her speaking engagements.  She also embarked on a new phase: Since graduating high school, she's lived on her own with a roommate in Venice Beach.  A 2015 trip to Europe with childhood friend Alicia Schomer, who says Claire has changed her: "I'm not as terrifed of the thought of death anymore, but I am terrified of not living life to the fullest."  It can be hard for any parent when a child leaves the nest, but for Claire's mom, the transition has been even more fraught.  Yeager knows how much work goes into Claire's care and worries that her daughter won't ask for help.  "I'm happy for her, and I know she's capable," her mother said. "But I just see how sick she's getting."  A year ago, Claire was at 50% lung capacity, Yeager says. Today, she's at 30%. She must take antibiotics to beat back recurring infections, which have become resistant to most of the drugs.  And when she turned 18 and could decide for herself, Claire announced that she wasn't interested in being on the list for a double lung transplant.  "I had to be honest," she said. "It's not for me and never has been."  Though transplants can extend a life, they're no cure. She'd have to live on steroids, which she hates taking. She'd run the risk of developing new issues when she's used to the ones she has. Plus, her body could reject the new lungs.  "And you can't eat sushi afterwards. That's a no," quipped Claire, who says she'd spend hundreds of dollars a month on sushi alone, if she could.  Therapies developed in trials are now helping many CFers, according to the She insists that she's not giving up, though. Instead of opting for a transplant, she's holding out hope for a cure. If she got new lungs, she says, she wouldn't qualify for drugs in development.Therapies developed in trials are now helping many CFers, according to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation , and eventually, with other clinical trials now underway, as many as 95% of CFers could benefit.  Her decision was a blow to her parents. They've had to accept that she won't pursue an option that could give her another 10 years.  "Just think of it as insurance, even if you don't want to do it," her mom pleaded at first. "Get on the list so you can change your mind."  But Yeager, no matter how uncomfortable it makes her, knows to trust her daughter's intuition.  "She has a relationship with her body that is sacred," explains her dad, who, like Claire, is a practicing Buddhist. Claire's thinking, he said: "This is the body I came in with. This is the body I'm going out with."  And as her father, "I have to live with it."  Claire, unplugged  Claire is Wineland's only child. He says she's helped him become a better person.  He's learned "to not be afraid of what hasn't happened yet" and believes that Claire is exactly how she's supposed to be. He's learned to "love what is."  At 51, he finds comfort in meditation and yoga, which Claire practiced for years, before her coma.  Wineland is a life and relationship coach. Together, he and Claire have explored ways to grow spiritually. When Claire was 10, he says, she walked on fire at a retreat run by motivational speaker Tony Robbins. He's had to figure out healthy ways to deal with pain, even to see the beauty in it.  "When you don't know what's going to happen to your only child," he says, "it can be pretty debilitating."  Claire's parents, Melissa Nordquist Yeager and John Wineland, split when Claire was 3 but remain close friends and partners when it comes to her care.  Humor has also helped him cope. When there's a long line at a restaurant, he says, he'll sometimes send her to the front of the line coughing to play "the sick-kid card."  Yeager too marvels at what Claire's done for her. She says her daughter's aura and energy lift those around her, making Claire "a force of nature."  During a recent hospital stay, mother and daughter were talking about death, a subject they don't shy away from.  "After you die, you're closer to everyone you love, because you're part of everything," Yeager remembers Claire saying. The words were a gift, a reminder that her daughter's essence will remain always, even after she's gone.  "If and when it does happen," Yeager said, "I'm never going to forget her saying that."  Elanore, Claire's only sibling, is more no-nonsense. She never treated Claire differently, a fact Claire has always treasured.  "She couldn't care less that I was sick, which I loved," Claire says. "It was refreshing."  When she was younger, Elanore cared so little that sometimes she'd even unplug Claire's oxygen without telling anyone.  "We wrestled a lot," Claire remembers with a laugh. "She'd unplug it to make me tired so she could win."  She gets how sick Claire is today. Still, she doesn't see Claire as a sick person.  "She's just a person," Elanore says. "She's not all-knowing. She's still figuring it out, like a lot of people. ... She needs the freedom to be a 20-year-old."  'It's OK to feel pain'  Though Claire had been attending Santa Monica College, part of her freedom meant putting school on hold.  "Truth be told, I probably wouldn't make it to graduation," she said. "I feel my body changing, and I had to make an executive decision."  Instead, she's focusing on what she can accomplish now -- including a new partnership with Zappos for Good to make hospitals more, well, hospitable. She's designing the renovation and decoration of a playroom and intensive care rooms at the Children's Hospital of Nevada at UMC in Las Vegas, which Zappos will pay for. The partnership began after Claire addressed about 2,000 people at the company in November.  Calling her "super inspiring," Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh said, "I'm pretty sure she brought tears to most of the people in the room."  What her Zappos audience didn't know that day was how awful Claire felt.  Over the past couple years, she's had more bad days than good. And in Claire's world, that can't stop her. If she bowed out whenever she felt under the weather, she says, she'd never accomplish a thing.  It's like that again today as she sits in the green room in Encinitas, the TEDx audience awaiting her talk.  The venue is a large meeting space behind a vegan restaurant. Attendees sip kombucha on tap and exchange hugs that last extra beats. When someone asks whether there's a yoga instructor in the room, they raise their hands en masse. Outside in the hallway are pieces of self-help literature, an announcement for a festival "dedicated to the Divine Goddess" and business cards for a spiritual medium.  When I peek in on Claire, I grow worried. The room is dark, and her eyes are closed, her arms folded across her belly. I fight every protective instinct to whisk her off and take her home.  Instead, she rallies.  As the emcee introduces her, Claire stands tall, showing no sign of pain or discomfort. She strides toward the stage amid applause, her smile wide. If not for the pumping oxygen concentrator slung over her shoulder, strangers might not suspect that anything's wrong.  She jumps in and talks about the fear she had when she first spoke publicly, the guilt she felt whenever she landed in the hospital, the isolation CFers often feel. She also speaks of what inspires her and her understanding that illness shouldn't stop anyone from living proudly.  "It's OK to feel pain and experience it," she says. "I'm not trying to fix myself. My suffering has given me so much."  For about 18 minutes, she sets out to change how people think.  When she's done, the crowd stands and applauds. Some audience members hoot and holler. As she weaves through the crowd toward the exit, I chase after her, overhearing whispers like, "What a gem."  It's clear people would like to talk to her, hug her, corner her for conversation. She shoots me a glance, though, that says, "Let's get out of here."  Claire has given all she can, and she knows she'll pay a price.  The price  In the weeks that follow, Claire can't shake that infection. Then, in mid-June, an ambulance rushes her to the ER: Her fever is back at 103, her heart rate is at 185, and her white blood cell count is 30,000. Claire's oxygen saturation levels are falling, a sign of lung failure.  Not since the scare that landed her in a coma six years earlier has the situation felt so dire, her mother says.  For a few days, Claire only gets worse. She's transported to Long Beach Memorial Medical Center, where the staff feels like family. She has sepsis and a severe case of pneumonia and spends a week in intensive care. Doctors come close to putting her on a ventilator when one of the only two antibiotics that still work for her kick in.  "I thought this was it," Yeager says. "It was an eye-opener for all of us."  It's too early to know how much of a toll this setback will take on Claire, who is expected to head home from the hospital Wednesday.  "We think of Claire as invincible," her mother says, "and this was a reminder."  A reminder of how important it is to live each moment fully. A reminder of the lessons Claire still hopes to teach before it's too late.) = 1
((CNN) We are all familiar with the negative images of girls and women in movies and other media -- and how ubiquitous they are.  From the physical portrayal of women as ultra-thin, super sexy and scantily clad to the sexualized roles they often play, it's enough to make you wish you could put your daughters in a bubble to shield them.  Of course, you can't. Even that "Prince Charming" narrative, in which their lives are not complete until they meet the right guy and that guy decides to love them in return, is everywhere.  But what about the positive role models our girls are seeing? Certainly, the #MeToo movement has called attention to the need to create more substantial roles for women of all ages on the big and small screens and to get more women behind the scenes in director and screenwriting roles.  Even before the past six months when women's voices have been heard in ways they haven't been before, there were signs -- exciting signs -- of shifting portrayals of young women, even in children's programming.  Research shows that kids develop stereotypes at early ages. A Common Sense Media analysis of more than 150 articles, interviews and books and other research found that kids between the ages of 7 and 10 start to attribute certain qualities to women and men, such as that women are emotional and men are aggressive.  Let me say that one more time. Between 7 and 10.  Helping young girls and boys during these ages see realistic portraits of girls and boys can have enormous benefits, which brings me to "Andi Mack," Disney Channel's No. 1 show in video on demand. The show just wrapped its second season and has been renewed for a third.  Sofia Wylie, left, and Peyton Elizabeth Lee of "Andi Mack" on Disney Channel.  Think about the storyline, which is uncharted territory for mainstream children's programming: The main character, Andi, learns that the person she thought was her older sister for 13 years is actually her mother and that the two people she thought were her parents are actually her grandparents. Andi grapples with these life-changing circumstances with the support of her two best friends: the gender-stereotype-bashing Buffy, who believes she is as strong -- or stronger -- than any of the boys, and Cyrus, who has only recently shared with his friends that he is gay.  My girls, ages 10 and 11, and I watch the show -- together -- every Friday night. We recently had a chance to sit down with the show's creator and three of its stars.  'A girl can do anything a boy can do'  TerrI Minksy, the creator and executive producer of "Andi Mack," wanted to create a show that mothers could watch with their daughters. She said she didn't create the characters with female empowerment in mind but very much was focused on the point of view of the girl, because girlhood is when girls begin to get a sense of their own power or lack thereof.  "There's always this 'you can grow up to be whatever you want,' but we haven't seen a female president in the United States. We don't see female faces when you're looking at anything where decisions are being made," said Minsky, who made the pilot with a predominantly female team.  "I just feel like it has to start with the kids as represented in the shows as having the power over their world, and hopefully that translates to people watching it without specifically calling it female power."  Sofia Wylie plays Buffy, who tries out for and makes the boys' basketball team (she also ends up tutoring the captain of the team). Sofia, 14, believes that her character can serve as an empowering role model to girls who watch.  "I would definitely say Buffy sends a message that a girl can do anything a boy can do and there's really no difference," said Sofia, also an accomplished dancer who has performed on stage with Justin Bieber and on "America's Got Talent."  Sofia Wylie with her military mom on the show "Andi Mack."  "So many people say, 'Oh, yeah, boys are just like stronger,' and when a boy says that, I'm going to contain myself now," she says to laughter as she indicates how frustrated that statement makes her feel. "It's not true. If a woman wants to put their mind to something, they can be just as intelligent and just as strong physically and mentally in every way. They can be even better than a man."  Even today, in 2018, a woman who is competitive -- especially in the workplace -- may be viewed differently than a man. A man may be considered assertive, a woman aggressive. Sofia says her character tackles that double standard as well.  "People think if you're competitive, that means you're mean," she said. "No, she's competitive for a separate reason, because she's been told that she has to be strong." In one episode, we learn that Buffy feels she needs to always be strong to help her cope when her mom, who is in the military, is away during months-long deployments.  A story line with #MeToo resonance  One of the recurring storylines that also tackles gender stereotypes head-on is Andi's crush on the handsome, athletic and very popular Jonah Beck. During season one and the first half of season two, Andi is basically obsessed with Jonah. At some point, it appears they may actually be boyfriend and girlfriend in the way 13-year-olds innocently begin relationships. She makes him a bracelet. She beams when she sees him. But he never seems to truly understand Andi and never does for Andi all the things she does for him.  And then, Andi has had enough. With the support of her friends Buffy and Cyrus and her mom, Bex, she finally decides to tell Jonah that she has been obsessed with him and that she can no longer continue doing what she has been doing. It is the moment when, I would argue, many women watching (and many who have experienced #MeToo moments) ask themselves, "Why didn't I say that when I was in a similar situation?"  " allowfullscreen>  Lilan Bowden, who plays Bex, Andi's independent and individualistic mother, says she wishes she had "Andi Mack" when she was a girl. Instead, the shows she watched all repeated the same story line: The girl has a crush on the boy, the boy finally says he likes her back, and they get together.  "That was the message that I felt like I received over and over again: Just do the nice thing. If you're nice and you keep being nice and you don't stop being nice, eventually, you'll get what you want," Bowden said. "And to have that character to say, 'I was nice, and you didn't appreciate it because you're not nice enough back to me' was huge."  Lilan Bowden, right, plays Andi's mother on the show "Andi Mack."  Minsky said the episode was written more as a natural progression of Andi's character and less in response to the #MeToo movement.  When Andi expresses herself to Jonah, she's the one who is in charge for the first time, said Minsky, who also created "Lizzie McGuire," a live-action and animated series that was also a Disney Channel hit.  "It's always the girl giving and embarrassing herself and putting herself out there and taking chances, and the boy's sitting back, and you don't know how he feels ... and then she finally expresses herself, and he's like 'Oh, wow, I really enjoy that you're obsessed with me,' and I kind of feel, 'yeah, I bet you did.' " (In another sign of the show's relatable nature, it tackles anxiety when Jonah has a panic attack after Andi tells him she is moving on.)  Peyton Elizabeth Lee, who plays Andi, said she, Sofia and Bowden cheered when they read that episode because it was a sign that Andi was "finally finding her voice."  "Because she's just been so caught up in 'Jonah's cute, and he's fun, and he has so many friends, and he's popular, and he's athletic and whatever,' but when it really comes down to it, he wasn't giving her enough credit for everything she was doing for him," said Peyton, 13, who has appeared on ABC's "Scandal" and "Shameless" on Showtime.  "I think she was realizing that she's worth more, so it was a really exciting thing ... where she's saying 'I was obsessed with you,' and it's Andi realizing that she doesn't need him to feel complete."  Gender equality in media? Long way to go  There is no question that we need to see more realistic and authentic female characters on television and in film.  Research commissioned by the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in the Media in 2014 shows how far we need to go. It found that the percentage of female characters in the work force in TV and film was less than 25%, when women make up just about half of the actual work force.  Fictional male judges and lawyers outnumbered female characters in those same roles 13 to 1; the breakdown of men to women was 7.6 to 1 when it came to characters in computer science and engineering.  We know that when you see it, you can be it. In a survey of 1,000 women in the United States and the United Kingdom, conducted by the Davis Institute and J. Walter Thompson and unveiled in 2017, 71% of respondents in the US and 63% in the UK said that if we saw more corporate leader characters who were women, it would make it easier for women to become leaders in the corporate sector.  Sixty-four percent of respondents in the US and the UK said that seeing more female characters as politicians would make it easier for women to succeed in politics.  Bowden, who also regularly performs improv and sketch comedy, hopes shows like "Andi Mack" are a marker for what is to come.  When she got to Hollywood and was auditioning, there was a very limited selection of roles for women, she said. "It's almost like a paying of dues where ... you're pretty much just the eye candy," she said. "I didn't want to be a model. I wanted to be an actor, but there's so many roles that are written for women where they just kind of pigeonhole you into being a model.  "This show is all these dynamic female characters that aren't relying on beauty at all, and that's not an experience I felt like I had when I was first auditioning," she said.  With surveys showing that girl confidence dips around puberty , having strong female early-teenage role models who speak truthfully and aren't afraid to stand up for what they believe can only be a positive.  Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.  "I think you can take so many things away (from the show) but just being confident in yourself," Sofia told my daughters. "I think that's the best thing about all of our characters is, we're all ourselves."  Added Peyton, "A lot of shows showcase if you're just nicer, it all works out. If you're nice, you get friends. You have a boyfriend, but it's just not like that, and you have to find that balance of being nice, but being careful. ... You have to figure out which way you want to go.") = 1
(Raul A. Reyes is an attorney and member of the USA Today board of contributors. Follow him on Twitter @RaulAReyes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the author.  (CNN) "We have a problem." That is what Attorney General Jeff Sessions told a gathering of law enforcement officers in California on Wednesday, in announcing that the Trump administration was suing the state over its so-called sanctuary laws. Federal immigration law, Sessions emphasized, is the supreme law of the land. "But California, we have a problem," he said. "A series of actions and events have occurred here that directly and adversely impact the work of our federal officers."  There is a problem here -- only it is not the one that Sessions thinks it is. The problem is that the Trump administration is escalating its bullying of California and other states in a cynical, destructive way. Sessions' lawsuit against California is built on myths and deceptions.  The Trump administration is fighting California because the state passed three laws that the feds don't like. One limits state and local agencies' ability to share information about criminals or suspects with federal immigration officers, unless they have been convicted of a serious crime. Another bars local businesses from allowing Immigration and Customs Enforcement to examine employee records without a court order or a subpoena. The third gives California the right to inspect immigration detention centers within the states.  Sessions spoke as though California were brazenly defying federal law. "There is no nullification, there is no secession," he said. "Federal law is the supreme law of the land." No one disputes that. In fact, in US v. Arizona (2012), the lawsuit over Arizona's infamous "papers, please" law , the Supreme Court ruled that immigration enforcement was the jurisdiction of the federal government, not the states.  California's laws recognize and adhere to this principle. California lawmakers have basically told the feds, you do your job (immigration enforcement) and we'll do ours (deciding what's best for our communities). Contrary to the misleading "sanctuary" label, California's roughly 2.5 million undocumented immigrants -- the largest such population in the country -- are not free from arrest, detention or deportation. In January, ICE raided several California 7-11 franchises in search of undocumented workers. A February immigration sweep in Northern California resulted in 150 arrests. So the idea that "sanctuary" cities or states are a haven for undocumented immigrants is a myth.  Let's take a quick review of the California laws at issue, to understand the public policy reasoning behind them. The California Values Act (SB 54) prohibits local law enforcement from acting as immigration agents, by asking people their immigration status during routine encounters, or from alerting ICE every time an undocumented person who poses no danger is released from their custody.  The rationale for this is based on public trust; California lawmakers are concerned that if people fear all encounters with law enforcement, they will stop reporting crimes and serving as witnesses; they will be fearful of helping their communities in this way. Contrary to what Sessions asserts, this law does not stop federal immigration agents from doing their jobs; it just means that local law enforcement officials, who are not trained in the nuances of immigration law, will not get involved in these cases -- the key exception being when a person has a record of violent crimes.  California's law forbidding employers from giving ICE access to their records and their workplaces without a warrant is to prevent exploitation of workers -- that is, to keep employers from using the threat of exposure in order to pay undocumented workers less or mistreat them -- as well as to prevent the possible racial profiling of Latinos.  JUST WATCHED AG Sessions to Oakland mayor: How dare you Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH AG Sessions to Oakland mayor: How dare you 00:55  These immigration provisions, and the pros and cons surrounding them, may seem a bit complicated. Sessions' announcement yesterday is not: it amounts to a government-sanctioned publicity stunt.  Going after "liberal California" over the people Trump likes to call "illegals" is nothing but red meat to Trump's dwindling base. No wonder the editorial board of the Sacramento Bee called the lawsuit "dishonest" and an "overreaction to a non-problem." The suit goes against traditional conservative ideas, which oppose an overreaching federal government. Consider that, in the unlikely event that California's laws were struck down, the state's taxpayers would be stuck paying for local law enforcement officials to assume the federal government's responsibilities.  At best, Jeff Sessions' speech in California was clumsy pandering to the base. At worst, it seeks to further the Trump administration's dangerous, false narrative that undocumented immigrants are a threat to our society. Either way, Sessions' lawsuit offers no solutions on immigration, only more divisive political posturing.) = 1
((CNN) A day after hundreds of thousands of people protested gun violence at March for Our Lives events in the US and around the globe, Pope Francis called on the world's youth to continue speaking out and standing up.  "Dear young people, you have it in you to shout," the Pope said in his Palm Sunday address at St. Peter's Square in Rome.  Pope Francis at the the end of Palm Sunday Mass in Vatican City  Palm Sunday -- celebrated on the Sunday before Easter -- is commemorated by Christians as the day Jesus entered Jerusalem in the week of his crucifixion, when palm leaves were strewn in his path. Noting that this Palm Sunday coincides with World Youth Day, the pontiff used the opportunity to compare youth to Jesus's followers, who were scorned by his detractors.  "It is up to you not to keep quiet," Pope Francis said. "Even if others keep quiet, if we older people and leaders -- so often corrupt -- keep quiet, if the whole world keeps quiet and loses its joy, I ask you: Will you cry out?"  A day earlier, survivors of the shooting massacre at a Parkland, Florida high school led protests around the country and even abroad in favor of stricter gun control laws.) = 1
(Midway Atoll, North Pacific Ocean (CNN) -- The distance from humanity yawns out in front of you when you stand on the pale sands of this tiny Pacific island. Midway Atoll is just about the furthest piece of land from civilization and its constant engine whir, data and jostle. Standing on the island's remote shoreline brings a calm and humility -- until you look down at your feet.  On the beach lies a motorcycle helmet, a mannequin's head, an umbrella handle, and a flip-flop. They didn't fall from a plane or off a ship, and there aren't any civilians living here who could have left them behind. They were washed in with the tide, most likely from China or the US, thousands of miles away -- part of an enormous plastic garbage patch, spinning in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, which you probably contribute to. And these are just the bits of it we can see. Plastic has become a vital part of our lives of convenience. Yet the coffee cup lids, water bottles and bags we use once and throw away do end up somewhere -- in landfills, but also in the ocean. Nearly every piece of plastic ever made still exists today. More than five trillion pieces of plastic are already in the oceans, and by 2050 there will be more plastic in the sea than fish, by weight, according to the Ellen MacArthur Foundation. Some 8 million tons of plastic trash leak into the ocean annually, and it's getting worse every year. Americans are said to use 2.5 million plastic bottles every hour. Nothing is an emergency until you feel the burn, or see the red lights. Here plastic's impact is staring you in the face. Midway is out of sight, but again it is on the front line. Once home to the decisive battle that turned World War Two in favor of the US in the Pacific, it's now locked in a new fight.  The smell of decay You have to fly to Midway at night. Only then do the millions of birds that swarm the island in high season vacate the runway. We could only get here with permission from the US government and the help of a private jet. The smell hits you first, and catches in your throat. It's the whiff of decay, of thousands of birds' bodies rotting. Part of this is nature: CNN visited the island in June -- the time of year when the Laysan albatross lay their chicks, who must learn to fly, or die. But part of it is man-made: When you tear open the fragile ribcages of the birds who did not survive -- as US Fish and Wildlife Service Superintendent Matthew Brown did in front of us -- the sheer volume of plastic waste now in our world becomes apparent. Inside the slight skeleton of one albatross, we found bottle tops and a cigarette lighter amongst seemingly endless tiny shards of plastic. It's as if plastic actually was the bird's diet. These brightly colored plastic fragments were picked out of the sea by the bird's parents, who mistook them for food, then fed them to their offspring. The birds can't digest the plastic pieces but they still feel full, which causes malnutrition and death, according to researchers. Volunteers here have an almost full-time job scooping up the corpses. kilograms of plastic have entered the ocean since you started reading They have tried to clean Midway up; the huge dump of plastic trash sitting on the runway awaiting collection by boats is evidence of that. But it's almost impossible because so much washes ashore daily -- not to mention the five tons the birds fly onto the island inside in their stomachs each year, according to Brown. The Eastern Island is now littered with tiny fragments of plastic. The birds die and decay, but the plastic inside them stays forever in the sand -- a layer of man's doing that will never go away. Midway will probably vanish under rising ocean levels before the plastic decays. Albatrosses walk along a plastic-littered beach in Midway. Jackson Loo/CNN The plastic-filled stomach of a dead albatross. Jackson Loo/CNN "These are the classic 'canary in the coal mine' scenarios," said Brown. "This is an animal that relies entirely on the ocean for its survival, just like 3 billion people do. If their children, their chicks, are being impacted by plastic this much, it is simply a forbearer of what is coming for us." From fish to plate So much of the damage is on the edge of the invisible. If you kneel down on Midway and stick your hand into the hot sand, you can pull up a troubling multicolored array of particles. These are what activists call the "new sand" -- plastic that has broken down into smaller and smaller pieces, and then become part of the shoreline. Are you eating your own toothbrush? Your toothbrush is one of many everyday items made of plastic. Most plastics are made from oil. Plastic production has surged in the past 50 years and could double again by 2036. 15 million tons in 1964 311 million tons in 2014 612 million tons in 2036 Billions of toothbrushs are thrown away every year. But less than 14% of plastics are recycled globally. At least 8 million tons of plastic enters our oceans each year - that's one garbage truck a minute. More than 5 trillion pieces of plastic are in our oceans, weighing 269,000 tons - the same as 3,585 blue whales. By 2050, there may be more plastic in our oceans than fish. Most plastic doesn't biodegrade - it breaks down into smaller pieces, which attracts toxins... You could be ingesting up to 11,000 pieces of microplastic each year - and the toxins that come with them. Sources: Ellen MacArthur Foundation, Lisbeth Van Cauwenberghe These smaller particles are what end up in the food chain. The smallest ones, called nano-plastics, sink deep into the ocean and can end up in plankton. Larger pieces, known as micro-plastics, float in a soup, suspended in water, and are eaten by fish. The fish then get eaten by "apex predators" higher up the food chain -- including humans, or the Hawaiian Monk Seal. We don't know as much as we want to about what plastic has done to these seals -- they're endangered, so there are restrictions on opening them up for study by scientists. But there are already troubling signs. Jessica Bohlander, a marine biologist from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, says the seals are acting as a "sentinel for exposure to plastics and other persistent organic pollutants for humans." "A few individual animals we have seen have very high levels [of micro-plastics], particularly in adult males," she said. Bohlander says plastic ingestion could be causing reproductive problems for the seals -- and the bigger the animal, the bigger the concentration of plastic. "It is very troubling," she said. "With every step of the food chain, the concentration that can be measured in the tissues of animals becomes magnified."  11,000 pieces of plastic each year Seafood is essential to human life, but there is growing evidence that fish may prefer eating plastic to food. Swedish scientists recently demonstrated that larval Perch raised in waters containing micro-plastics "only ate plastic and ignored their natural food source of free-swimming zooplankton." This diet of plastic stunted growth rates, reduced hatching rates, and caused abnormal behaviors in the young fish, according to the study. There's also evidence that plastic is harmful to humans. The US government says styrene -- one of the key ingredients in plastic -- is probably a human carcinogen. It is studying the effects of plastic litter on marine life and plans to launch an inquiry into the effects on human health, including fetal formation. One study found that man-made marine debris may cause "physical harm" to humans when ingested via seafood. Another estimated that Europeans who eat shellfish could be exposed to 11,000 pieces of micro-plastic each year. What science hasn't proven yet is whether the plastic in the fish we eat directly damages our health. But it's getting there, and the case for real government concern is growing. And Midway, just by dint of its own distance and damage, is making that case. Matthew Brown told me he eats sushi much less than he used to. "Plastics also attract other contaminants, so if you are eating food that has little bits of blue and red in there, these are attracting ... other contaminants in the ocean. This has a real impact on our primary food source."  The choice the world has made We took a boat out from the island, towards the coral reef that surrounds it. There, you can feel the awesome power of nature. Caught in the reef nearby was a sight far more troubling than the bottles we had seen float past us on the water. In one inlet was a soup of tiny white pellets. A huge piece of Styrofoam packaging had been caught, now bobbing and slowly breaking down. In its thick soup was a bottle-top, a feather, and other gunk. You could swim into it easily, let your head emerge up in its midst. Signs of resilience and defiance in nature abounded, but in one corner, man's carelessness had occupied a visible space and, perhaps for longer, an invisible one. We simply do not know what we have already done. The hardest part about the journey to Midway is the sense of powerlessness it leaves you with. The damage there began with choices -- and litter -- made decades ago. And the problem is growing, not shrinking, as humanity gets more environmentally aware. Stopping this flow of trash would require an incredible change in the daily behavior of 7 billion people. China, Indonesia, the Philippines, Vietnam and Sri Lanka are considered the five worst offenders when it comes to plastic pollution, according to a study published in Science, and you can anticipate as much success telling people there to stop using disposable plastics as you would do in the US. Road test the phrase: "I'm sorry, you can't have that coffee as you haven't brought your own reusable cup." kilograms of plastic have entered the ocean since you started reading So what can you do? Very little, unless we all do it. You can start by bringing water bottles to work, or a reusable fork to the caf, or insisting on less packaging for products. For now, the balance of convenience versus the likely risk to human health is in the favor of the coffee cup. If the science isn't there yet, public opinion won't be either.  There is a tiny glimmer of hope amidst this looming disaster, one I often heard while talking to researchers, one that shows people can change. It's a recent example of something so glaringly, obviously bad for the planet -- and people -- that for centuries was accepted as a normal part of our happy, modern world. Remember smoking? We don't do that as much anymore.) = 1
((CNN) Looking for an easy diet to lose a quick few pounds? If you're searching on the Internet, chances are you've stumbled on something called the "military diet."  It's also known as the Navy diet, the Army diet and sometimes the ice cream diet, because in addition to hot dogs and tuna fish, you get to eat ice cream on all three days of the program.  Smells fishy, right? Well, hold your nose. It's about to get really stinky.  What is the military diet?  The military diet is a variation of the ever-popular three-day diet, a crash plan of "fill-in-the-blank" foods to eat if you want to lose weight fast. These diets typically claim that you can lose about 10 pounds in three days to a week if you follow their blueprint to the letter. The meal plans are usually extremely basic and calorie-restrictive, because let's face it, that's how you lose weight.  But are these diets healthy? Will the weight stay off?  "With this type of low-calorie, lower-carbohydrate diet, you are losing mostly water and potentially some muscle," said registered dietitian Elaine Magee , author of "Tell Me What to Eat If I Have Diabetes." "Water weight drops quickly as the body's glycogen stores decline, which happens when you restrict carbs and calories. Weight will come back when you begin to eat normally again."  Could it be that the military diet is different? Here's a breakdown of what's prescribed on days one to three of the military diet, with calories calculated via the US Department of Agriculture's calorie-calculating tool, Supertracker.  Breakfast is a cup of caffeinated coffee or tea, one slice of toast with 2 tablespoons of peanut butter and half a grapefruit. That's 308 calories.  Lunch is another cup of coffee or tea, a bare-bones slice of toast (whole-wheat is best, they rightly say) and a half-cup of tuna. This meal is tiny, only 139 calories.  Dinner is 3 ounces of any meat (that's about the size of a playing card), a cup of green beans, half of a banana and a small apple (not a large apple, even though the calorie difference is minuscule), but wait: You get a whole cup of vanilla ice cream! If you choose steak instead of a lean chicken breast as your entree, this meal equals 619 calories.  But even with the steak and the cup of full-fat ice cream, the day adds up to a mere 1,066 calories. No snacks allowed.  "If you're used to eating 2,000 to 2,500 calories a day, such a drastic drop will be hard to do," said registered dietitian Lisa Drayer , who writes about nutrition for CNN. "You're going to be tired and irritable, with difficulty concentrating. It will be hard to exercise, and I would think you'll be quite hungry as well."  Here's day two's repast. It adds up to only 1,193 calories, even if you pick some higher-fat options.  Breakfast is another dry piece of toast, one egg cooked however you like and half of a banana. Let's say you fry your egg in oil. That's 223 calories.  Lunch is a hard-boiled egg, five saltine crackers and a cup of cottage cheese. If you choose full-fat cottage cheese, the total is 340 calories.  Dinner is half of a banana, a half-cup of carrots, a full cup of broccoli, two hot dogs (that's right!) and another treat: a half-cup of vanilla ice cream. The meal totals 630 calories (if you eat a full-fat pork or beef dog).  How does this fare fair?  "I never recommend hot dogs or any processed meats," Drayer said, "because they are associated with a higher risk for cancer ."  "Ice cream is not a good use of the meager calories," she added. "You could have 3 cups of salad and only eat 100 calories, or other nutritious foods that will be satisfying and hold back the hunger."  Day three is the most restrictive, only 762 calories.  Breakfast is a slice of cheddar cheese with five saltines and a small apple. That's 232 calories.  Lunch is grim: one dry slice of toast and an egg. Even if you fry the egg in oil again, that's a total of 170 calories.  Dinner is 460 calories and a stomach-turning combination of half a banana, a full cup of tuna and another cup of ice cream. Maybe they think that by now, you're so hungry, you'll be willing to eat those foods together.  The websites promoting the military diet say that eating certain food combinations will boost your metabolism.  "There is no truth behind claims that the food combinations in the first few days will increase your metabolism and burn fat," Magee said.  "There's no research I know of behind those claims," Drayer agreed.  And what about the rest of the week?  You round out your week by eating what you like, so long as it's less than 1,500 calories a day. Then you can start on the three-day restrictions again.  Best of all, no exercise -- zero, zip, nada -- is said to be needed on this diet.  "Yet another fad diet that won't lead to healthy or sustainable weight loss!" Magee said with passion, adding that exercise is "key to lasting weight loss."  She also feels there are potential physical and emotional ramifications to diets that restrict and deprive you to this extent.  "It can lead to weight cycling, a quick loss and regain of weight, that can weaken your immune system, mess with your metabolic rate and increase the risk of other health problems, such as gallstones and heart trouble," Magee said.  Why is it called the military diet?  articles, bloggers, Why would such a fad diet be associated with the military? According to various YouTubers and message board posts , it was designed by nutritionists in the US military to drop pounds off recruits who otherwise wouldn't measure up.  "What? In my 30 years working with the military, I've never heard of it," said certified nutrition specialist Patricia Deuster , professor at the Uniformed Services University and author of the first US Navy SEAL Nutrition guide.  "We did not develop this. We do not use it. It has absolutely no resemblance to the real military diet. Even our rations are healthier and more nutritionally sound," Deuster said. "It looks like they just took the name 'military' and added it to the diet and capitalized on it."  "The Birmingham Hospital Diet did not originate with the University of Alabama at Birmingham, and we do not support or recommend it," university public relations manager Bob Shepard said. "This diet has absolutely no connection to UAB Hospital other than the often repeated but false Internet rumors."  Oh?  "It is unfortunate our name has been associated with this diet," the Cleveland Clinic said in a statement. "We have never endorsed this meal plan, and it does not meet the standards for what we would consider a healthy diet for heart health or overall well-being."  And?  "The American Heart Association is not -- and never has been -- associated with this diet."  "This didn't come from us, despite the use of the word Kaiser. Kaiser Permanente supports a balanced diet, rich in fruits, vegetables and whole grains."  "None of these diets, including the three-day diet, was developed at or ever associated with Mayo Clinic," said Dr. Donald Hensrud, director of the Mayo Clinic Healthy Living Program and medical editor of the real Mayo Clinic Diet. "It is likely the originators tried to capitalize on Mayo Clinic's brand recognition as a way of promoting these diets."  Where did this diet come from?  If you search the Internet for the military diet, you'll probably end up on the top result: themilitarydiet.com . There, you'll find the detailed diet, with pictures and tips on how to make it work for you. There are substitutions, frequently asked questions, a blog, a calorie count, a link to like them on Facebook and a review that fights back against nutritionists who debunk the diet.  Oh, and there are lots of ads.  But nowhere on the page is there an author, an expert, a nutritional guru. No one takes ownership of this information or gives you any credentials to prove their expertise.  "That's a red flag," Drayer said. "Any helpful diet plan should be created or supported by a credible person or resource or organization. If something is out there without any author or inventor, anyone can say anything and not know how the body works."  Trying to track down the owners of three of the most popular military diet sites proved to be a dead end. Emails and calls to listed numbers got no responses.  How diet misinformation spreads  "Due to our democratic process, we have a wide-open information environment in the US," said Brian Southwell, editor of a new book on fake news called " Misinformation and Mass Audiences ." "There's no careful censoring of false information."  Add to that the fact that science still doesn't have the "perfect" solution for weight loss and maintenance, he said, and you've got an area that is ripe for exploitation.  "These dieting sites have a catchy name, the promise of lineage to established institutions, and that is what tends to spread across the Internet, instead of a peer-reviewed study," said Southwell, who directs the Science in the Public Sphere program at the nonprofit research group RTI Internationa l. "And just like direct mail, if you get 5% of people to click through, you can make a huge profit. It doesn't cost much to unleash stuff online."  Drayer agreed. "I think a lot of people just want to know the next dieting magic bullet, quick fix, and they just go for these fad things."  But why are so many of us fooled in the first place?  The failure of some people's "BS detectors" when they encounter fake information can be explained, Southwell said, by what science now knows about how the brain processes data. Instead of sorting the good from bad as the information arrives, the brain accepts it all, "and then in another part of the brain, it's tagged as true or false."  "It leaves open this window of opportunity," he explained, "so people believe just long enough and then get tired, distracted, and what happens? They get sucked in. They might be skeptical at first but fail to do the research and think, 'well, maybe this will work. This might be my solution.' "  The fact that so many of us share our discoveries with friends and loved ones on social accounts fuels the misinformation fire. Southwell calls it "social contagion."  "It's like the dynamics of infectious disease. You've spread the disease before you've even come down with it, " he explained. "You find it, you share, you read more and find out that it's not effective, or you try it out and you're disappointed. But the genie is out of the bottle already."  According to Southwell, that's exactly what many of these sites are counting on.  "It doesn't matter if it ultimately gets debunked, because it's going to take a while for it to reach the same numbers of people as the original rumor or fake diet," he explained. "And the debunking is not as sexy as the original diet lure.  "In the meantime, you might see the spread of unhealthy dieting behavior, and for some people with certain diseases or conditions, that can cause real harm," Southwell said, such as heart disease or diabetes. "But it can't be traced back. Who is culpable for that?"  Healthy ways to lose fast?  Let's face it. We still want a quick way to lose 5 or 10 pounds fast, just in time for that special occasion. Is it possible to do so in a healthy way?  "I will prescribe a modified three-day diet just to jump-start weight loss," Drayer said. "I typically recommend increasing your water intake and eliminating all starchy carbs like breads, pasta, cereal and rice, as well as sweets and treats for one week. Doing this not only cuts calories, but you also shed some extra water too, which can be motivating as the numbers on the scale go down."  For those who drink their calories, Drayer recommends slashing sugary beverages such as sodas, flavored lattes, fruit juices and smoothies, "as the calories from these beverages can really add up."  Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.  Magee prefers to trick the body into losing weight, to avoid what she calls a starvation backlash.  "When you decrease your calories so severely as they do in the three-day military diet, your body tends to go into conservation mode and actually burns fewer calories," she said, "because it thinks you are entering a potato famine or similar, and it wants to survive.  "I think it's better to trick your body into burning calories by decreasing the calories you eat a little, increasing exercise to burn more calories, to create a daily deficit of about 250 calories a day," she explains. "It's slower but more sustained weight loss, and you are more likely to lose body fat rather than muscle tissue and water."  Regardless of what method you try, said Drayer, remember that any diet should be cleared by your nutritionist or doctor before you begin. And when it comes to the three-day military diet, she concluded: "I can't imagine any doctor or expert endorsing the military diet as healthy or beneficial in any way.") = 1
(Samantha Vinograd is a CNN National Security Analyst. She served on President Obama's National Security Council from 2009-2013 and at the Treasury Department under President Bush. Follow her @sam_vinograd . The views expressed in this commentary are her own. This commentary has been updated to reflect the news.  (CNN) Every week, I offer a glimpse of the kind of intelligence assessments that are likely to come across the desk of the President of the United States. Modeled on the President's Daily Briefing, or PDB, which the director of national intelligence prepares for the President almost daily, my Presidential Weekly Briefing focuses on the topics and issues the President needs to know to make informed decisions.  Here's this week's briefing:  Russia watch: Denial is Putin's favorite word  Russian President Vladimir Putin has pushed the envelope on a lot of things since taking power almost 20 years ago, but he does follow some predictable patterns of behavior, and one of them is denying illegal activity, vehemently at times, in a feigned show of shock.  It's a ruse, and no one should be fooled.  Election meddling: Putin has denied meddling in the US election, despite briefly acknowledging that private hackers in Russia could have been involved. As recently as his interview with NBC's Megyn Kelly, he said he "couldn't care less" if Russians meddled in the election and that any hackers do not represent the state.  Samantha Vinograd  Ground forces : The government denied the existence of Russian forces in Ukraine long after the Russian invasion of Crimea and strong evidence that Russian forces were, in fact, on the ground. Putin has pulled the same trick in Syria, where he says he doesn't have Russian forces. The government continued these denials even after Russian nationals and Syrian regime forces came into deadly contact with US forces in Syria earlier this year.  Skripal attack: Despite UK authorities, supported by the United States, France and Germany, indicating that Russia was behind the nerve agent poisoning of a former Russian double agent and his daughter in the UK earlier this month, Russia has denied, denied, denied any involvement and instead referenced "provocative actions of the British side and groundless accusations." A Kremlin spokesman said, "Russia has nothing to do with the story."  On Monday, the United States announced it was expelling 60 Russian diplomats in response to the chemical weapons attacks in the UK. European countries, Canada and Ukraine have taken similar actions. Though Putin might respond by kicking out US diplomats and possibly seizing US properties (like he did last summer in response to US sanctions), it'll likely be for show.  Putin doesn't care about Russian diplomats in the United States; he doesn't need them in America to get information on us. He's hacked into our infrastructure, has other agents throughout the country and is manipulating our information flow to influence the American people. Neither we, nor any of our allies who may take action together, should be fooled by his empty denials.  Personnel firing squad: Shots heard around the world  Changes in the US national security team and White House staff are not happening in a vacuum, and the world is reacting to a new secretary of state and CIA director (pending confirmation) and a new national security adviser. All three individuals have reputations -- they're not new kids on the block -- and US counterparts are likely preparing for a series of anticipated policy changes.  Because of the public record of incoming national security adviser John Bolton, our allies and our enemies are expecting a heavier focus on military force, a decertification of the Iran deal, and less support for diplomacy or a desire to work with international institutions. The loud and hawkish views of Bolton, and his willingness to claim that intelligence is politicized , even before joining the administration, have led to some key international reactions:  Russia: Russia President Vladimir Putin and his team are likely trying to piece together whether Bolton will be hard line on Russia when he takes on his new role. He recently tweeted that the Russian "elections" were a chance for "Putin to practice election meddling so that he can do it better elsewhere," adding that "We need a long term strategy to deal with countries like #Russia and #China with long standing rulers."  Middle East: His appointment drew some accolades in Israel, where the education minister tweeted out his support. Our ally Saudi Arabia is likely pleased that Bolton has said we need to get out of the Iran deal and the regime in Iran. Unsurprisingly, the Iranians called him a "supporter of terrorists."  Asia: Not a shocker, but the North Korean regime has called Bolton "human scum" and vowed not to deal with him, likely a result of his public views embracing military force and regime change in North Korea. Allies Japan and South Korea are likely also wondering whether Bolton will mean that the United States will revert back to all fire and fury in place of giving all options -- including diplomacy -- a real shot.  Europe: European partners who signed the Iran deal with the United States are probably worried that Bolton will advocate decertification based on his past statement criticizing the deal. Europeans remember Bolton from his tenure in the Bush administration and his ongoing support for the war in Iraq. This may lead them to question whether the administration is committed to its alliances, or choosing a go-it-alone strategy.  ISIS threat matrix: The internet remains a terror battleground  The ISIS supporter who carried out an attack in France on Friday underscores the ongoing threat that ISIS poses both to the homeland and around the world. From the massacre at Charlie Hebdo magazine to a truck attack in Nice, France has suffered a number of grievous Islamist-inspired attacks over the last few years, and the French are not alone in facing these attacks.  Despite being denied safe havens in Syria and Iraq, ISIS retains the ability to operate globally -- particularly on the internet. Without having to physically reach, recruit or train sympathizers, ISIS' propaganda machine can spread content across the web, and either directly order or inspire attacks.  And we can expect more to come. ISIS declared its caliphate in 2014 and estimates show that through mid-February 2018 it has conducted or inspired more than 140 terrorist attacks in 29 countries other than Iraq and Syria (its two home bases where it has inflicted horrific damage).  Which is to say more outreach to the technology sector is critical. Intelligence and law enforcement officials will benefit from detecting online patterns of behavior that lead to radicalization. French President Emmanuel Macron and British Prime Minister Theresa May, among others, have been vocal about the need to crack down on online radicalization, but the limitless boundaries of digital theater mean we need to move quickly to stem further violence.  Kim's RSVP still pending: But the inter-Korean summit is happening  There has still been no public North Korean response to a US-North Korea head of state meeting. However, plans for the North Koreans and South Koreans to meet again, without the United States, are proceeding. Officials from both countries are going to meet this week on the North Korean side of the border to get ready for an inter-Korean summit between Kim Jong Un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in in April in South Korea.  The North Koreans may be waiting for a signal that the new national security adviser remains more open to diplomacy than he has in the past, or, they could be proceeding, bilaterally with the South Koreans to forge a closer inter-Korean bond. We know that Kim has previously focused on his desire to reunify the peninsula , heralding a desire to "write a new history" of national reunification.  Ongoing communications with the South Koreans during this process will be key to getting information on the North Koreans' approach and ensuring the international community, led by the United States, remains united on the need for North Korean denuclearization.  It's another non-election: Egyptians go to the polls  On the heels of Putin's presidential victory, another in-name-only election will take place in what many hoped, post-Arab spring, would be a wellspring of democracy in the Middle East: Egypt. You don't have to guess the outcome. Sitting President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi will win the election this week. That's a sure bet.  It's a disappointment for many -- to put it mildly -- after the 2011 Egyptian revolution that ousted Hosni Mubarak and offered a flicker of a democratic opening, until the military seized power in 2013.  Polls open on Monday, but like in Russia, Sisi will "win" and stay in power as long as various forces in Egypt want him to. There are no serious contenders (opposition candidates claim intimidation and even arrest by the state). And Human Rights Watch said Egyptian authorities abused national emergency laws to dampen opposition and support Sisi.  Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook  So, Sisi is sticking around. His power derives not only from any real support he has in the country, but also from the military and security services who removed his predecessor. They're his security blanket, and his new term will be rife with actual presidential needs like improving the economic and security situation in Egypt.  But he'll have to do all that (no easy tasks) while keeping his patrons happy. As a product of the Egyptian military, Sisi knows how the organization works, but there are a lot of politics at play both before, during, and after this sham election.) = 1
(A federal judge approved $75 million worth of loans to Remington so the company can keep making guns as it works through bankruptcy, according to court documents.  The firearms company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection earlier this week after more than 200 years in business.  The loan will allow Remington to continue pursuing a deal to cut as much as $620 million in debt. The company succumbed to a plunge in demand for guns that has dragged down the industry.  Remington has asked for loans totaling $338 million to be approved by April 29, but only a portion has been approved so far.  The $75 million loan approved on Tuesday is the "interim amount to get them through the interim period until they get to that final hearing on the additional amount that they're going to need," said Sarah Foss, legal analyst at Debtwire.  Founded in New York in 1816, Remington is one of the oldest gunmakers in America, and one of the most iconic gun brands in the world. The company, which is based in North Carolina, makes a variety of rifles, handguns and shotguns through its seven plants, including a sprawling brick factory in Ilion, NY, that's been churning out guns since the 1840s.  Gun and ammunition makers like Sturm Ruger (RGR), Vista Outdoor (VSTO)and American Outdoor Brands (AOBC), which owns the Smith and Wesson brand, have been hit hard by slumping sales during the administration of President Trump.  Related: How Remington became an icon among gunmakers  Gun companies experienced record sales during the Obama administration, driven by fears among gun consumers of more restrictive gun control. But these fears have largely faded, along with sales and profits, since the 2016 election of Trump, a Republican endorsed by the National Rifle Association.  Remington makes military semiautomatic rifles, including the Bushmaster used in the 2012 mass shooting that killed 26 people at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Connecticut.  Related: A cloud hangs over the gun industry  Remington has been sued by family members of Sandy Hook victims. Their wrongful death suit is pending with the Connecticut Supreme Court. Lawyers for the families say their suit is unaffected by the Chapter 11 filing.  The company is currently owned by Cerberus Capital Management, which plans to shed ownership once the bankruptcy process is over) = 1
(Editor's Note: CNN is committed to covering gender inequality wherever it occurs in the world. This story is part of As Equals, a year-long series.  A young woman stands on top of a utility box, holding a white headscarf aloft in front of a crowd of one-eyed monsters, her medusa-like hair cascading over her shoulders.  The scene comes from an animated video created by Samin, a 32-year-old motion graphics animator from Tehran, with the help of her boyfriend, an illustrator. Together the couple have been protesting Iran's compulsory hijab rule with their art.  "Since we are artists, our language is our form of protest. We are hopeful that our videos can provide a voice for Iranian women," Samin told CNN. Her name has been changed to protect her identity.  For Samin, sharing her art on social media is the safest way to show her solidarity with the movement against Iran's mandatory headscarf law  part of an Islamic dress code that was enforced after the 1979 revolution against the Shah's secular regime.  At least 33 people have been arrested for taking part in protests since late December, when a wave of anti-government demonstrations gave way to a public outcry over gender inequality.  People in the country turned to Telegram and Instagram to share information about the protests and voice their support. In response, Iranian officials reportedly restricted access to the social-media and messaging services in an attempt to quell the unrest.  "The government says, 'You are Muslim  you must wear a hijab,' but it's like you censor yourself when you put it on. I think 90% of people don't want the hijab. Young people would never choose it," Samin said.  It's not clear how widespread support for the movement is in Iran, which is still considered freer for women than many of its Islamic neighbors. Iranian women can drive, vote, hold most jobs, and are among the most highly educated in the Middle East.  With the sudden release of a three-year-old report in early February , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani seemed to signal that the country was still split on the issue. The report suggested that 49.2% of Iranians considered the veil to be a private matter and were opposed to the government dictating what women should wear.  Samin's story underlines a generational divide on the issue. She doesn't tell her traditional parents how she feels about the hijab, or about her boyfriend, for that matter.  "In Iran, girls are forced to be liars. You must hide everything. I must hide my work, my emotions, my love, all because of the culture here," Samin told CNN.  The threat of arrest keeps her from voicing her views in the streets, but, behind the anonymity of social media, she continues speaking out.  "Sometimes I want to go protest like Vida, but then I think about my life and going to prison for I don't know how long, and it's scary," Samin said, referring to Vida Movahedi, a 31-year-old mother who was arrested for protesting without her headscarf in a busy Tehran street.  "The government says, 'You are Muslim  you must wear a hijab,' but it's like you censor yourself when you put it on," Samin said.  A video of Movahedi standing on a utility box and waving her veil like a flag  which inspired Samin's animation  went viral on social media in late December, in part because it was shared by an Iranian woman living in exile in the United States.  Masih Alinejad, an activist behind the "White Wednesday" social-media campaign against compulsory hijabs, shares videos and photos of protesters on her social media accounts, which have a combined following of over 2.3 million.  Alinejad has provided a platform for Iranian women to share their discontent with the world, and some are now taking the campaign into their own hands, posting images of themselves without hijabs on their own accounts.  Shaparak Shajarizadeh, an active member of the White Wednesday movement, was arrested in late February after she removed her headscarf in a public protest against Movahedi's arrest. She shared a video of herself on social media, mirroring Movahedi's now iconic demonstration  waving her white veil from a stick, her long hair uncovered.  Shajarizadeh, a 42-year-old mother who lives in Tehran with her husband and 9-year-old son, spoke with CNN before she was detained on February 21.  She told CNN that after Movahedi disappeared she couldn't stop thinking about her: "I couldn't even sleep  I was thinking all the time, what happened to that girl? And I thought ... it's not right to forget about her. I just felt an obligation to support this girl."  But her actions have come at a personal cost. When Shajarizadeh's photographs began to circulate in international reports, her parents were terrified.  "First they started calling me and asking me to stop, then they started to call my husband. When that didn't work it got ugly, and they started talking to my son. I didn't want him to be scared or worried ... so I cut them out of my life," Shajarizadeh said, adding that her parents, while not that religious, are afraid of challenging the status quo.  "Of course I am sad, but ... this is my life. They censored me all my life, and now I just want to have a voice."  She has lost touch with her parents and many friends, but Shajarizadeh said her husband has been by her side throughout the campaign. "That's more than enough for me," Shajarizadeh said.  But finding the words to explain to her son why she is protesting has been difficult at times. "He is worried when people talk in front of him about jail and arresting and those sort of things. But he is a brave kid."  "They censored me all my life, and now I just want to have a voice," Shaparak Shajarizadeh said.  According to accounts from her family, and her lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh, Shajarizadeh was beaten while being held in Vozara detention center in Tehran. After being transferred to Gharchak prison, she went on a hunger strike. CNN reached out to Iranian authorities for comment, but did not receive a response.  Shajarizadeh was released from custody on February 28, and faces trial for "inciting corruption and prostitution"  a charge being used by Iranian police to prosecute women protesting the mandatory hijab. If convicted, she could face up to 10 years in prison.  Shajarizadeh is not alone; 35-year-old Manijeh Tafaghod Rezaei from western Tehran, has become another recognizable face of the women's movement through her posts on social media.  Rezaei, who was born with achondroplasia, or dwarfism, works as a model  illegal in the Islamic Republic of Iran. She's been cautioned and detained after sharing videos of herself without a veil online.  "I was summoned and forced to say I wouldn't continue, but I kept on showing my dissatisfaction and protesting on social media," Rezaei told CNN.  Rezaei, who has not made attempts to hide her identity, receives repeated threats in person and online.  "After posting videos without my hijab, I was threatened on social media and in the real world, too. I was even threatened with acid spraying, rape and abuse."  "Many people ask me whether I have been arrested or not. I just tell them no, because I don't want society to be afraid and to stop women from protesting."  Rezaei fled to the Netherlands in late February, fearful for her life.  She is currently living in limbo, unsure if she will ever be able to return home.) = 1
(John D. Sutter is a columnist for CNN Opinion who focuses on climate change and social justice. Follow him on Snapchat , Facebook and email . This story is part of a CNN series called " Vanishing ." Learn more about the sixth extinction and get involved.  To understand how big of a deal that is you don't have to look much further than the definition of "mass extinction." It means that three-quarters of all species vanish -- forever.  In all of history, that's happened only five times.  The sixth extinction would be the first caused by humans.  "We are basically annihilating the life on our planet -- and that is the only known life ... in the entire universe," said Paul Ehrlich, Bing professor of population studies at Stanford University.  "It's life that shaped the planet, that made it possible for us to live here. It's life that still makes it possible for us to live here. (If) we don't have the diversity of other organisms, we're done."  I've been reporting on the coming extinction crisis this year for a CNN series called "Vanishing." And I can tell you that while this topic is enormously depressing, there is some good news: We know how to slow or hopefully stop the sixth extinction.  Anthony Barnosky, another extinction expert, also from Stanford, told me humans have at most 20 years to make sweeping changes about our relationship with nature. If we do that, he said, we can avoid the sixth extinction.  But here's what needs to happen, according to the experts.  1. Stop burning fossil fuels  JUST WATCHED If coral reefs disappear, so will they Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH If coral reefs disappear, so will they 06:08  Burning fossil fuels and chopping down rainforests is heating up the atmosphere. That's creating trouble for all corners of the natural world, from the Rocky Mountains, where the tiny pika is overheating , to the oceans, where coral reefs are being decimated as the oceans warm and become more acidic.  We know that to avert the worst of climate change we need to limit warming to at most 2 degrees Celsius . To do that, the world needs to be off fossil fuels this century -- hopefully closer to 2030 than 2100. That's a tall order, but Stanford University researchers have shown we can do it with existing technology like wind, solar and nuclear.  Policies that promote cleaner energy include carbon taxes, cap-and-trade pollution pricing systems and renewable energy tax credits. The Paris Agreement on climate change, ratified by the United States and 115 other countries , also creates a framework for a rapid shift away from fossil fuels. The Trump administration in the United States, however, threatens to move the world's second-biggest climate polluter away from that agreement and back towards dirty, climate-warming fuels.  2. Protect half the Earth's land -- and oceans  JUST WATCHED The old man and the bee Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The old man and the bee 05:04  This idea comes from renowned biologist E.O. Wilson: Put aside half the surface of the Earth -- both land and oceans -- for the betterment of the nature and biodiversity. Maybe that sounds like a lot, but Wilson argues it's necessary if we want to avert crisis. Some 84% of species could be saved if we protected all that land. "That amount, as I and others have shown, can be put together from large and small fragments around the world to remain relatively natural, without removing people living there or changing property rights," Wilson wrote in an op-ed in The New York Times  3. Fight illegal wildlife trafficking  JUST WATCHED Iconic African elephant population on the brink Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Iconic African elephant population on the brink 05:49  Some of the world's most iconic species -- particularly the elephant and rhino -- are threatened with extinction simply because people are slaughtering these majestic creatures to sell their body parts on the black market. Elephant ivory is carved into trinkets. And rhino horn is mistakenly sold as an aphrodisiac.  And there are other less-known markets, too, including those for pangolin meat (a delicacy), giraffe tails (bracelets) and tiger bone (medicine). Efforts to shut down these markets have been grossly inadequate, as the black market in environmental products is estimated to be worth $91 billion to $258 billion per year . Compare that to drug trafficking, the most lucrative black market, which is worth $344 billion per year, according to a United Nations and Interpol estimate.  Experts say better law enforcement is needed to stop poaching. And consumers -- especially those in Asia, where wildlife products tend to be popular -- need to stop buying these illegal and harmful goods. Groups like WildAid and Education for Nature Vietnam are using advertising campaigns to try to make these products seem uncool.  4. Slow human population growth  JUST WATCHED The birds on this island eat plastic Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The birds on this island eat plastic 05:17  It sounds callous, but more people means more food, more land and more resources. Ehrlich, from Stanford, said population growth is one of the main drivers of the Earth's extinction crisis. The population was about 4 billion in 1980. It's now 7.4 billion and is rapidly heading for 9.7 billion by 2050 , according to the United Nations.  5. Reconnect with the natural world, and open our eyes  JUST WATCHED Listening for extinction: the amphibian apocalypse Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Listening for extinction: the amphibian apocalypse 05:40  If there's a fact that underlies all this, perhaps it's this: We're no longer connected to nature. We don't understand it and therefore, naively, dangerously, we figure it's doing just fine or will rebound. Barnosky, the extinction expert from Stanford, said we think of the natural world like a bottomless checking account when we need to see it as a savings account.  We humans also have ridiculously short attention spans. Issues like extinction and climate change play out over decades, centuries and millennia. Our actions now -- or inaction -- will matter for thousands of years. "You can have catastrophic events that are seen in slow motion, basically, and not register on people very well," said Ehrlich. We must find a way to reconnect with nature and to see this wave of extinction for the crisis that it is.  Have other ideas or questions? Please e-mail me: john.sutter@cnn.com.) = 1
(Story highlights The US has long respected and promoted science, Nye writes  Nye: Science is being undermined by ideological forces motivated to maintain the status quo  Bill Nye, known as Bill Nye the Science Guy, is an American science educator, television presenter, and mechanical engineer. He is the CEO of The Planetary Society, the world's largest non-profit space interest group. The opinions expressed are his own.  (CNN) I was proud to join thousands of concerned citizens, scientists and engineers in Saturday's March for Science. With more than 600 marches taking place around the world, we conveyed that science is political, not partisan, and science should shape our policies.  Although it is the means by which humankind discovers objective truths in nature, science is and has always been political. Article I, Section 8 of the US Constitution refers to promoting "the progress of science and useful arts" to motivate innovators, stimulate the economy and establish just laws.  The US has become the most powerful nation on Earth and among the greatest in history, because it has long respected and promoted science. Countless policies, from military deployments to regulations that control the formula of a shampoo, are based on science.  Scientific research depends on government investment (approximately $65 billion in the US last year), which itself relies on a social compact: that basic research across all fields is beneficial to a nation.  Currently, science is being actively undermined by ideological forces motivated to maintain the status quo rather than advance the nation's long-term interest. This is especially true of the extractive fossil fuel industries. When facing tides of deliberate misinformation, scientists, engineers and researchers have taken it upon themselves to organize and raise awareness about their professions and the vital importance of the scientific enterprise.  Read More) = 1
(Apple doesn't aspire to acquire massive companies like Netflix or Disney.  Instead, it's pouring money into smaller investments that focus on how people will be using and consuming media in the future, according to Apple senior vice president Eddy Cue.  In a discussion with CNN's Dylan Byers at SXSW in Austin, Texas, on Monday, Cue said the company isn't "throwing things up against the wall" to see what sticks.  "The financial part ... isn't the issue," Cue said. "The issue," he said, is finding the right investments.  Earlier in the day, Apple (AAPL) announced it is acquiring Texture, a digital magazine subscription service known as the "Netflix for magazines." Financial terms were not disclosed.  The service, which costs $9.99 per month for 200 magazine downloads, will be integrated into current Apple News offerings. Apple News provides iOS users personalized news and information from a variety of news organizations.  "We want to give you a bit of serendipity to see all of what's out there," Cue said. "We're not trying to just give you the most popular stuff for you but some of the articles that you should be reading. We want that serendipity."  Related: Apple is buying the 'Netflix for magazines' company  It's no secret Apple isn't short on funds. In its last earnings report, Apple reported it has $285 billion cash on hand. That's enough to potentially buy a media big hitter like Netflix (NFLX).  But Cue insisted going big on acquisitions is not Apple's strategy. The company would rather make strategic investments that boost "quality" content and services.  For now, Apple will remain focused on distributing other companies' TV apps and content, such as ESPN and other sports channels, he said. The company intends to make it easier for consumers to find and watch programming on various channels through push notifications sent to mobile devices.  But that's not to say Apple isn't going big on one media strategy. According to Cue, Apple is "all in" on TV.  "We hope we bring some amazing, great-quality stuff. We'll have a few surprises," he said. "We think there are ways to leverage technology to make the viewing experience even better."  Related: Apple is on the hunt for original TV shows  Last year, the company created its own original programming with "Planet of the Apps," starring Jessica Alba, Gwyneth Paltrow, will.i.am and entrepreneur Gary Vaynerchuk. (The show received mixed reviews). It's now reportedly developing Steven Spielberg's science fiction series "Amazing Stories," among other series.  However, Cue admitted the company still needs help developing its original programming vision.  "We don't really know how to create shows," he told attendees. "We were cognizant of that."  He said the company spent two years trying to find the right executives to run its original programming department, which they hired last year. About 40 people are now on that team.  "We don't try to sell the most smartphones or tablets in the world -- we try to make the best one," Cue said. "When you think of content, great storytelling is what's important. You get storytelling from big name people and also get it from new and up-and-comers.") = 1
(Story highlights Contrary to what Sean Spicer said, Axelrod says he and Robert Gibbs did not regularly attend the most sensitive National Security Council meetings  Axelrod: Former Breitbart chief Steve Bannon will exercise authority no political adviser has had before  David Axelrod is CNN's senior political commentator and host of the podcast "The Axe Files." He was senior adviser to President Barack Obama and chief strategist for the 2008 and 2012 Obama campaigns. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.  (CNN) I woke up this morning as an Alternative Fact.  In justifying the appointment of Steve Bannon, the president's chief strategist, to the National Security Council, Trump spokesman Sean Spicer cited my role in the Obama White House as a precedent. Spicer said press secretary Robert Gibbs and I attended classified National Security Council meetings "all the time."  That is simply not true.  As a senior adviser to President Obama in 2009, I had the opportunity to witness the fateful deliberations of his National Security Council Principals committee over the strategy the U.S would pursue in the war with Al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan.  I was not a member of the committee. I did not speak or participate. I sat on the sidelines as a silent observer with Gibbs because we would be called upon to publicly discuss the president's decision on that critical matter and the process by which he arrived at it.  Read More) = 1
((CNN) "Remember: This can only end badly." That's what my husband says anytime I start a story. He's right.  So. This carpenter is sitting on a sidewalk in Midtown Manhattan with his buddies, half a dozen subcontractors in hard hats sipping their coffees before the morning shift gets started.  The remains of a hurricane blew over the city the day before, halting construction, but now it's back to business on the office tower they've been building for eight months.  As the sun comes up and the traffic din grows, a new noise punctures the hum of taxis and buses: a metallic creak, not immediately menacing.  The creak turns into a groan, and somebody yells.  Judy Melinek  The workers can't hear too well over the diesel noise and gusting wind, but they can tell the voice is directed at them. The groan sharpens to a screech. The men look up -- then jump to their feet and sprint off, their coffee flying everywhere. The carpenter chooses the wrong direction.  With an earthshaking crash, the derrick of a 383-foot-tall construction crane slams down on James Friarson's head. I arrived at this gruesome scene two hours later with a team of MLIs, medicolegal investigators from the New York City Office of Chief Medical Examiner.  The crane had fallen directly across a busy intersection at rush hour and the police had shut it down, snarling traffic in all directions.  The MLI driving the morgue van cursed like a sailor as he inched us the last few blocks to the cordon line. Medicolegal investigators are the medical examiner's first responders, going to the site of an untimely death, examining and documenting everything there, and transporting the body back to the city morgue for autopsy.  I was starting a monthlong program designed to introduce young doctors to the world of forensic death investigation and had never worked outside a hospital.  JUST WATCHED He's collected nearly 13,000 bodies Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH He's collected nearly 13,000 bodies 01:39  "Doc," the MLI behind the wheel said to me at one hopelessly gridlocked corner, "I hope you don't turn out to be a black cloud. Yesterday all we had to do was scoop up one little old lady from Beth Israel ER." Today, we get this."  "Watch your step," a police officer warned when I got out of the van. The steel boom had punched a foot-deep hole in the sidewalk when it came down on Friarson. A hard hat was still there, lying on its side in a pool of blood and brains, coffee and doughnuts.  I had spent the previous four years training as a hospital pathologist in a fluorescent-lit world of sterile labs and blue scrubs. Now I found myself at a windy crime scene in the middle of Manhattan rush hour, gore on the sidewalk, blue lights and yellow tape, in a crowd of gawkers and grim cops.  I was hooked.  I'm not a ghoulish person. I'm a guileless, sunny optimist, in fact. When I first started training in death investigation, my husband, T.J., worried my new job would change the way I looked at the world. He feared that after a few months of hearing about the myriad ways New Yorkers die, the two of us would start looking up nervously for window air conditioners to fall on our heads.  Maybe we'd steer our toddler son's stroller around sidewalk grates instead of rolling over them. We would, he was sure, never again set foot in murderous Central Park. "You're going to turn me into one of those crazy people who leaves the house wearing a surgical mask and gloves," T.J. declared during a West Nile virus scare.  Instead, my experience had the opposite effectit freed us from our six o'clock news phobias.  Once I became an eyewitness to death, I found that nearly every unexpected fatality I investigated was either the result of something dangerously mundane, or of something predictably hazardous.  JUST WATCHED 'This is the only thing to show for his life' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'This is the only thing to show for his life' 01:26  So don't jaywalk. Wear your seat belt when you drive. Better yet, stay out of your car and get some exercise. Watch your weight. If you're a smoker, stop right now. If you aren't, don't start.  Guns put holes in people. Drugs are bad. You know that yellow line on the subway platform? It's there for a reason. Staying alive, as it turns out, is mostly common sense. Mostly. As I would also learn at the New York City Office of Chief Medical Examiner, undetected anatomical defects do occasionally cause otherwise healthy people to drop dead.  One-in-a-million fatal diseases crop up, and New York has eight million people. There are open manholes. Stray bullets. There are crane accidents.  "I don't understand how you can do it," friendseven fellow physicianstell me. But all doctors learn to objectify their patients to a certain extent. You have to suppress your emotional responses or you wouldn't be able to do your job. In some ways it's easier for me, because a dead body really is an object, no longer a person at all. More important, that dead body is not my only patient.  The survivors are the ones who really matter. I work for them too.  From WORKING STIFF by Judy Melinek and T.J. Mitchell. Copyright 2014. Reprinted by permission of Scribner, an imprint of Simon & Schuster, Inc.  Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter  Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion) = 1
(Paul Hockenos is the author of "Berlin Calling: A Story of Anarchy, Music, the Wall and the Birth of the New Berlin." The opinions in this article belong to the author.  (CNN) After six long months of coalition talks, the new German government of Christian Democrats and Social Democrats finally got off to a start two weeks ago -- but it crashed almost at once.  There's an enemy within it: the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) , a xenophobic nationalistic party that clambered into the Bundestag for the first time this term. Or rather, the toxic rhetoric of that party has found its way into the coalition.  Of course, the AfD is in opposition , and all of Germany's other parties -- government and opposition -- have vowed to isolate it.  But that's not happening. The far right's noxious populism has seeped into the highest halls of power, even to those surrounding Chancellor Angela Merkel.  In the administration's first week in office, before Merkel had the chance to breathe, members of her own freshly picked (and judiciously lauded) Cabinet started attacking her from the right, using the arguments and jargon of the AfD -- exactly what they agreed to avoid.  The chief culprit was a familiar friend/foe : the new interior minister, Horst Seehofer of the Christian Social Union, or CSU -- which is the conservative sister party of Merkel's own Christian Democratic Union, or CDU.  Since the early postwar years, the CDU and CSU have run on the same national ticket, the difference between them quite marginal, with the Bavarian CSU positioning itself slightly to the right of its big sister, usually on cultural and security policies.  Seehofer demanded, for example, that his ministry be renamed the "Federal Ministry of Interior, Building and Heimat."  Heimat can be translated as "homeland," but it is a very loaded term in German as it was central to Nazi ideology and its ethos of territorial expansion. All Germans in Europe, preached Hitler, belonged within the borders of the German Heimat. This ethnically pure homeland was folkish, seamless and imbued with the essence of Germanness.  Moreover, in the coalition negotiations, the CSU explicitly staked out a harder line on immigration than Merkel, insisting that an upper annual limit -- around 200,000 migrants -- be set on newcomers immigrating to Germany.  Seehofer's CSU also demanded that fewer families of refugees be allowed to join their relatives in Germany. These stipulations were hardly surprising, as Seehofer had frequently and harshly criticized Merkel's handling of the migration crisis in 2015 and 2016.  Yet, despite these gestures to the right, Merkel, her party and the Social Democrats all believed Seehofer and the CSU would abide by their pledge to build a wall between the AfD and Germany's democratic parties.  Merkel had said that Germany's political class should "draw clear red lines" between the country's postwar democracy and the AfD, and try to push them out of the parliament, with substantive responses to their off-the-cuff populism.  But this measured strategy foundered before it even got started.  JUST WATCHED Who is Angela Merkel? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Who is Angela Merkel? 01:44  Seehofer shocked his Cabinet peers with a surprise attack on one of the cornerstones of Merkel's 12-year chancellery. "Islam," he said, "does not belong to Germany," contradicting Merkel's express words to the contrary. "Germany is shaped by Christianity. This includes free Sundays, church holidays and rituals such as Easter, Pentecost and Christmas," said Seehofer.  Muslims living in Germany, Seehofer continued, belonged to Germany . But that does not mean, he said, "that we Germans should, out of false consideration, abandon our national traditions and customs."  Merkel, clearly caught off guard and unhappy, shot back at once that the German government firmly believes that Germany's 4.5 million Muslims belong to Germany as does their religion.  This sentiment, namely that Germany's naturalized newcomers, many of whom are Muslims, are full and equal citizens of Germany, is a strong argument for their integration into Germany. For integration to happen, naturalized Germans of foreign origin have to feel welcome, respected and at home. It was a generous and open-hearted offer to Muslims to join a multicultural Germany as a positive component.  Seehofer's words could have come straight from the mouths of the AfD's leaders. They regularly insist that Islam is a dangerous, foreign, violent ideology that threatens Western Christian civilization and German jobs.  The AfD goes further than the CSU by saying that Islam contradicts German's constitution. It also insists that Germany accept only migrants with high technical skills -- in other words, no refugees at all.  With Seehofer as Heimat minister, the AfD for all intents and purposes has a voice in the executive branch. It's a worst-case scenario just weeks into the new administration, which will be defined by the way it deals with the AfD.  Seehofer's intentions, which, in my opinion, accurately reflect those of the whole CSU, are selfish and shortsighted. The CSU faces a regional election in Bavaria in the autumn, and the AfD is poaching its right-of-center voters.  One of the big surprises in the national election last year was the AfD's strong 12.4% showing in Bavaria. Although the CSU dominated the Bavarian vote as usual, its 40% was down nearly 11% from 2013.  But experts say that it usually doesn't work when conservative parties move to the right to win back voters from the far right. In Austria, for instance, the conservative party's shift to counter the far-right Freedom Party (FP) only prompted the latter's growth -- and acceptance as part of the mainstream.  There is no one recipe to fight insurgent right-wing parties, the historian Frank Bsch told the weekly Der Spiegel magazine. "Historical and international comparisons show that when mainstream parties take a hardline right path, the rightest fringe parties usually grow bigger and don't disappear."  "Merkel's [centrist] strategy is the right one when she wants [the CDU] to win majorities, which obviously she does," says Bsch. Women in particular tend to flee the big-tent CDU when it shifts too far to the right, he says.  As dangerous as most Germans see the AfD's Bundestag debut, they didn't think that it would have such an impact so quickly. The party is more prominent than ever now as the biggest opposition party.  For now, the establishment can only admonish Seehofer and warn off other right-of-Merkel politicos in the CDU and CSU from joining him off-script. Merkel will do what she can to rein in her minister, even though he has in the past shown no signs of compromising.  A break with the CSU, say from the side of the Social Democrats, would topple the young government. This would be a triumph for the AfD beyond its most optimistic calculations.) = 1
((CNN) Prices for beverages in glass, plastic or metal containers may go up slightly in the UK if a deposit-return program is put in place, but consumers will get cash back if they recycle them.  It's an effort to reduce the amount of waste littering land and seas. Globally, plastic bottles make up a third of marine litter , adding to the 5 trillion pieces of plastic already polluting the oceans.  Last week, the UK government released a report warning that without intervention, the amount of plastic swirling in the world's oceans is expected to triple within a decade  Of the estimated 13 billion plastic bottles used in the UK each year, 5.5 billion escape household recycling collection.  "We can be in no doubt that plastic is wreaking havoc on our marine environment -- killing dolphins, choking turtles and degrading our most precious habitats," UK environment secretary Michael Gove said in a statement  "It is absolutely vital we act now to tackle this threat and curb the millions of plastic bottles a day that go unrecycled."  Incentive to recycle?  Similar deposit-return systems operate in a number of countries including Sweden, Germany, Finland and parts of the United States.  While it has not been disclosed how much the refundable deposit will be in the UK, consumers in other parts of the world pay approximately $0.10 to $0.50.  Businesses are then responsible for ensuring returned containers are effectively recycled -- a move the UK government says has led to a 97% recycling rate in Germany.  Deposit-return schemes around the world sometimes use "reverse vending machines" as collection points for drinks containers.  Returpack, the primary deposit organization in Sweden, cites a recycling rate of 85% for both PET bottles and aluminum cans.  In Finland, the largest deposit-refund system operator -- Suomen Palautuspakkaus Oy -- achieved return rates from 89% to 95% for beverage packaging in 2015.  South Australia's container deposit scheme sees an overall return rate of 80%.  JUST WATCHED Can we save our oceans from plastic? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Can we save our oceans from plastic? 03:57  Is recycling plastic enough?  The UK's proposed deposit-return scheme is subject to a consultation this year to take into account views from producers, suppliers and consumers.  Last year, The UK's Association of Convenience Stores raised concerns about the impact that a deposit-return program would have on the convenience sector, saying it would increase the time customers wait to pay, pose health and safety risks for staff, and reduce the amount of space available in stores.  Charitable organization Surfers Against Sewage has been campaigning for a UK-wide deposit-return system for the last 18 months.  In September 2017 it delivered a petition to Downing Street with 329,000 signatures.  "This huge victory for our oceans will stop millions of plastic bottles escaping into the environment annually, and stem the tidal wave of plastics swamping our coastlines," said Hugo Tagholm, CEO of Surfers Against Sewage.  Greenpeace UK said the government consultation is a step in the right direction, but more needs to be done to curb production of plastic.  "Deposit-return schemes are a great way to capture the vast majority of plastic bottles before they end up littering our countryside or polluting our oceans. But we also need to tackle the flow of plastic waste at the source," Greenpeace UK oceans campaigner Elena Polisano told CNN.  "We're churning out more single-use plastic than our recycling system can cope with and are then forced to bury it, burn it, or ship it off abroad. This isn't sustainable. As well as trying to change consumers' behavior, the UK government should also put pressure on producers and sellers to change theirs.  "This means finding incentives for companies to produce and sell less throwaway plastic and look at alternative solutions. Action both upstream and downstream is key to stopping plastic waste polluting our oceans.") = 1
(Sarah Lenti is a political strategist and policy advisor at SML Advisory Partners. She served as a director on the National Security Council under Condoleezza Rice and worked as a lead researcher for Mitt Romney's 2010 book, "No Apology: The Case for American Greatness." The views expressed in this commentary are her own. This piece is the first of a CNN Opinion series, " What it's like to be me ," which explores the personal struggles Americans face at a time of profound social change.  Denver (CNN) It was a year ago when a young woman stopped me in a neighborhood shop. She gazed at my stroller and started crying. She told me how lucky I was to be married with kids.  My heart dropped. She didn't know me at all.  I am a single mother by choice. Yet I was raised in a Christian, conservative home, where I grew up believing in the traditional family unit. And I was taught that there was an order to achieving it. First, fall in love. Second, marry a man. Third, start a family.  Now in my fifth decade, only one has proven true for me -- and it isn't the first.  On the day that I turned 30, I journaled that I would think about becoming a mother should I still be single at 38. What that looked like, I didn't exactly know. It was a promise to myself, maybe to God.  At the time, I was in a terrible relationship with a man who told me he wanted to be with me, but he could never love me. It was because of those words that I first clung to the idea of motherhood. Maybe a man could deny me love, but he would never deny me a child.  Fast forward to my 38th birthday. I was still single, and the world of dating had changed significantly in the last eight years. Tinder and Bumble, the dominant dating apps, offered countless options for single men and women, but made the experience of dating entirely impersonal.  Every family is different: Share your story of how IVF, adoption or your unique family structure has shaped your life with #ToBeMe or text/WhatsApp us on +1-347-322-0415  Dating amounted to small talk with a stranger, who you had briefly interfaced with online because you each thought the other attractive. The small talk was a prelude to hooking up, and there were no expectations even of a text the next day.  It was brutal. And after trying my hand at it, I was no closer to finding the love of my life or starting a family.  If I needed statistics to back me up, I had them. In 2014, marriage was on the decline, as was the fertility rate in the United States.  I had one real option left -- and that was to attempt to get pregnant alone.  Maybe I didn't deserve a family, or so many of the subscribers to my conservative Christian values might say. And maybe the men with whom I had been involved didn't view me as acceptable wife/mother material.  But deep down I felt differently and decided to give myself one shot.  And so I started the process of in vitro fertilization (IVF). I was mentally prepared for the physical havoc that would ensue, and I had saved every penny for it -- to the tune of $30,000.  Tinder and Bumble, the dominant dating apps, offered countless options for single men and women, but made the experience of dating entirely impersonal.  But why didn't I adopt? After all, even if I were fortunate enough to have a child, the child would be fatherless. And many, myself included, believe this places the child in a precarious situation.  That said, at least with IVF my potential child would be biologically related to me, his or her grandparents and cousins. The child might not have a father, but he or she would have a strong bloodline. I hoped this would help ease any future struggle for my child.  The IVF experience  The very decade I was born into -- the glorious 70's -- ushered in the science and technology that might allow me to conceive. Alone.  More specifically, 1978 was the year that the first human being was born through the process of embryo creation outside of the womb, then implantation inside of the womb, pregnancy and successful birth. Since that time, IVF has produced approximately 5 million babies , with nearly 1 million of those being born in the United States.  The IVF pool is quite minuscule compared to total US births -- for example, in 2011, only 0.7% of all US births were attributed to IVF. That said, and barely optimistic, I was committed to the process, or so I thought.  And yet there I was at a bar in Los Angeles, a month out from IVF, crying in front of two people I barely knew, but knew well enough to unload to.  My life was great on paper. I had done all the right things. I went to Stanford for graduate school. I worked at the White House under Condoleezza Rice. I had the opportunity to travel the world. I had loving parents and two wonderful sisters.  And yet I felt unloved -- even unlovable. And also greatly conflicted.  On the one hand, I was ecstatic -- I was weeks away from my shot at becoming a biological mom. I started thinking about this potential path nine years ago and had been setting aside money for five years. I was in love with idea of having a family and giddy at the thought of the unknown.  But there was doubt. Goodness, there was doubt. There was that little voice inside my head -- the voice of my parents and others -- that was very much alive in me. "Why would you purposely bring a child into the world without a father? Are you really that lonely? How would that child feel one day?"  Throughout my upbringing, I was told that it's wrong to play God. And, as recently as the previous Christmas Eve, I was told that bringing a child into the world without a father was selfish.  My heart and my brain had to fight back.  No, I was not that lonely. No, I was not that selfish. Actually, it was waking up single, every single day of my life -- only to be greeted by my career -- that felt selfish. And while I could never speak for the feelings that my future child might have, I took solace in the belief that any child would be happy to be alive if he or she were sincerely loved.  Throughout my upbringing, I was told that it's wrong to play God. And, as recently as the previous Christmas Eve, I was told that bringing a child into the world without a father was selfish.  As I drew nearer to the implantation date, the prospect of creating a tiny human grew more real and began to override any lingering doubt.  And so, on August 29, 2014, I asked my doctor to implant two embryos. He wisely asked me to justify two. I was quick to answer. If I were lucky enough to get pregnant with twins -- what a gift for them. They may not have a father, but they would always have each other.  I knew the statistics and did not expect to get pregnant. Given my age and the means of conception, I was praying for the long shot of one, knowing two would be a miracle.  The 2014 Assisted Reproductive Technology National Summary Report, as published by the US Department of Health and Human Services, is a humbling reminder of just how small the odds were during the year that I attempted to conceive. In 2014, a woman of my age, using fresh non-donor eggs with no previous pregnancies, had an 18.8% chance of pregnancy resulting in a live birth. When it came to percentages of cycles resulting in twin lives births, the success rate plummeted to 3.7%.  Yes, I had a 3.7% chance of success.  Choosing a donor  Of course, before the IVF process could begin, I had to choose a donor -- and let's just say I took a less than conventional approach.  Given my professional background as a conservative politico, I think people expect me to say that IQ, number of educational degrees and political association were at the top of my donor qualifications list. Not the case.  I was looking for someone who I would be attracted to if we were procreating in the traditional way.  I know this must sound incredibly superficial. But, let's be frank, it's impossible to gauge true intellect or a kind heart by virtue of an online donor search.  And so I began my search with a focus on the physical attributes that I have always been attracted to -- namely height and athleticism. Six-foot-2 and toned was my baseline.  The donor was a collegiate lacrosse athlete. I was able to see three pictures, from tot to teen, of an adorable boy with an incredible smile, unruly hair and a twinkle in his eyes. (This particular bank did not allow adult pictures of the donor for legal reasons. So, at the end of the day, the attraction part of my search was also a gamble.)  I was searching for my version of good genes, who also looks good in jeans -- at least on paper.  I finished my search on the scientific side of things. The donor bank I chose provided a full medical history and genetic testing results. Honestly, why wouldn't you opt for a donor with no heart disease, cancer, mental illness or any other serious genetic conditions in his family history?  This is the one distinct advantage of going the donor route as opposed to the good old-fashioned route when conceiving. While I haven't polled my married or attached friends, I am 99.9% certain that not a single one queried their partner about the specifics of their family's medical history prior to sleeping with them or accepting a marriage proposal.  I was searching for my version of good genes, who also looks good in jeans -- at least on paper.  The longest days of my life  In early September, my blood work came back with hormone levels signaling pregnancy. I was in shock, but I had eight long weeks to go until seeing if there was a heartbeat or two. I started to take a pregnancy test every evening. It was the longest 56 days of my life.  D-Day finally arrived. And, there on the sonogram screen right in front of me, was the most beautiful thing: my child's heartbeat, strong and steady.  I had a million immediate questions for the sonographer and started right in. She stopped me, because there was heartbeat number two. Wait, what? I was laughing and crying at the same time. This must be what joy feels like, I thought.  The clich that I despise most is: It will happen when you least expect it. Nonsense. I had gone almost 40 years expecting nothing in terms of dating, love and, God forbid, a husband -- and I received exactly that in return.  But suddenly the least expected had happened. I was pregnant with twins.  My journal entry from the evening read as follows:  Week 8, Day 1: October 6th D Day  Dear God: Thank you.  Baby A: your heartbeat was 159 today.  Baby B: your heartbeat was 168.  I love you A & B. Please keep growing. You're looking great.  Thank you, God. I pray for their development -- from their fingers to their toes. From brain to nose. I am so grateful for these precious beings. Prepare me to be the strong parent -- fiscally and spiritually -- that they will need me to be.  Love you.  Photos: I had a 3.7% chance The ever-intense Eli at 3 weeks wise. Hide Caption 1 of 7 Photos: I had a 3.7% chance Eleven-day-old miracles: Week two of 10 at the Rocky Mountain Hospital for Children. Hide Caption 2 of 7 Photos: I had a 3.7% chance Finally home and first nap together. May 22, 2015. (Abel, left. Eli, right.) Hide Caption 3 of 7 Photos: I had a 3.7% chance Abel and Eli at 6 months strong. Hide Caption 4 of 7 Photos: I had a 3.7% chance Can you believe we started off at less than 3 pounds? Hide Caption 5 of 7 Photos: I had a 3.7% chance Happy, healthy, precocious and embarking on the terrible (or terrific) 2's. (Abel, left, Eli, right.) Hide Caption 6 of 7 Photos: I had a 3.7% chance Two years old and two years together. This is our family. This is love. Hide Caption 7 of 7  The Friday of truth  On a Friday morning roughly 30 weeks after implantation, something seemed wrong. I had such severe leg cramps that I was crawling around the apartment on my hands and knees. I called an Uber at 8:30 am. Never having taken any birthing classes, I had no idea what the onset of labor looked like.  By the time I got to the hospital the pain was so intense that I could barely make it to the door. The Uber driver offered to help me up. I was immediately checked in and within minutes was told that I was 7 cm dilated and would be headed into an emergency C-section.  My heart stopped. I was petrified that those little heartbeats were going to stop and that my sons -- my sons -- were not going to make it. I was alone in the pre-delivery room just long enough to run through every awful scenario in my head.  And then it was time. Seventy minutes after arrival, I was wheeled into a room with a team of 16 doctors and nurses waiting for me. The sight of this army, the two waiting incubators and all the other metal contraptions made me well up. I had no idea what was going to happen next, but I had never expected it to happen quite like this -- not this early, not with these many medical professionals and not entirely on my own.  Eli and Abel have proven to be the embodiment of that saying you always hear -- the hardest, yet best thing I've ever done.  Doctors and nurses were working quickly all around me. Epidural, check. Babies' heart rates, check. Slicing me open, check. Ripping two crimson-colored sons out of me at 10:40 am and 10:43 am, check and check.  I saw Eli and Abel for a nanosecond before the nurses cut the cords and rushed them to their incubator stations to begin inserting the breathing tubes. They were 10 weeks premature and neither could suck, swallow or breathe on their own.  The two teams whisked my babies to the Level 4 NICU (neonatal intensive care unit) without me getting to touch their skin or ask if their vital signs were stable. I did hear them cry, which was a relief. I just wish my sisters had been there to take a picture and help recount what happened. I can't ever get that moment back.  Little did I know when I moved to Denver that I would be delivering twins two years later at Denver's premier NICU hospital -- The Rocky Mountain Hospital for Children at Presbyterian St. Luke's  I was not able to see my sons until nine very long hours after delivery. I walked into a room with two incubators housing my baby boys, who looked more like starved squirrels than the roly-poly infants that I had envisioned. All wired up, with IVs jutting out of the top of their skulls, they were absolutely perfect. Complete miracles from inception to emergency birth.  And, of course, they chose Friday the 13th of March to scare the living hell out of me and fight their way onto this Earth.  The next 60 days  Two weeks after I was released from the hospital, I found myself sleeping in my Denver home of almost two years, as my boys lived and slept inside NICU -- for 60 days straight.  And though I could easily have felt alone -- so removed from my two miracles -- I didn't.  Friends and family from across the country constantly checked in on me, calling, texting, writing me words of encouragement.  And even once Eli and Abel were out of NICU, loving and supporting friends -- and sometimes even strangers --continued to shower us with kindness and affection.  Initially, the NICU team was our rock. These complete strangers became the most significant and consequential people in the lives of my sons during their first two months. I will never be able to appropriately express my gratitude to the nurses and doctors who safeguarded their lives. Several are friends to this day.  Then my personal trainer and his wife, the first people to visit me in the hospital, became the most trusted and consistent presence in our lives. From celebrating our birthdays, to helping with our apartment move, to Fourth of July and Super Bowl celebrations, to just being those adult ears that I need -- Adam and Teri have been there for all of it.  You wake up every morning with a mandate and desire to be a better parent to your children than you were the day before.  The mother of twin boys, who lived steps away from me, became my sanity check. We were pregnant at the same time and delivered within weeks of each other. We met by fluke, thanks to a double stroller sighting in the alley.  And the parents of my first employee proved invaluable, babysitting the boys on weekends so I could nap.  I can't forget the British transplant, who regularly delivered homemade quiche on weeknights just because.  More recently, though, the manager at the Palm (steakhouse) took care of my family. It was Thanksgiving night, and I took the twins for our first holiday fte as a family of three. In one of the most random acts of kindness, the manager worked her way to our table, poured me a glass of wine, helped feed the boys, shared a bit of her life story with me and then bought our meal. She did not know me.  Most importantly, since the birth of Eli and Abel, my parents have fallen so completely in love with their grandsons that it's hard to fully put into words the intensity of their connection. What was at first an idea hard for my traditional parents to grasp, is now two, tiny human beings, who have my parents tightly wrapped around their little fingers. Though thousands of miles away, my parents -- and my sisters -- express their love and support constantly and in innumerable ways.  There are incredible people in this world. My sons' existences have made that real to me.  The lessons learned  Eli and Abel have proven to be the embodiment of that saying you always hear -- the hardest, yet best thing I've ever done.  My sons are my family and my future. They represent everything good, hopeful and hilarious about life. They smile and cheer when I walk into their room. They blow kisses and sneak hugs. They belly laugh when we dance. They cuddle up at night and put their heads in the crook of my neck.  They also scream, bite and bang their heads on the floor when they're upset. They chuck their food when they don't like it. They act like the world is coming to an end at bath time. And they are a constant financial stress. Being a single parent is hard as hell.  But from my two little men, I quickly internalized that love is a verb. Love is an action and something you work at every single day. You wake up every morning with a mandate and desire to be a better parent to your children than you were the day before.  They are my miracles, which I almost didn't allow to happen because of heartbreak, self-doubt and maybe even self-loathing.  Speaking of love, friends like to tell me that there is a man out there -- some wonderful man who will sweep me off my feet and be an excellent father. To that I say, please stop. Do I want to date? Of course. But I can honestly write that I have no expectations for love, and I certainly do not believe that there is a father out there for my sons. I am not waiting and hoping, because I have lost that hope.  Why have I lost that hope? Truth be told, I have been vulnerable with a few men pre- and post-pregnancy. But rejection upon rejection by man after man will do it to you. Even when you are that aloof gal, who doesn't ask questions or have expectations of something real or long-term, it still ends. I guess you just lose your luster after awhile. It's my reality, and it never changes.  And while we are on the topic of relationships, I would note that I will forever be perplexed by the rate of unsolicited and unexpected congratulatory communications from ex-boyfriends after years of no contact. These were the men who rejected me. These were the men who left after months or years of pretending and/or cheating.  After the birth of my sons, these same men suddenly thought they had a green card to strike up conversation and ask for pictures of the twins. One suggested grabbing dinner in DC. One kindly offered to come to Colorado to help run errands, cook dinner or do whatever I needed.  The attention was hard to digest. I once cried over these men. Perhaps this was a way of absolving their guilt for being dishonest or wasting my time? Perhaps they were sincerely happy for me, which would suggest that they did respect me after all? Perhaps they were feeling slighted or envious that I went it alone, without them? I'll never know.  And, most importantly, I finally no longer care.  Though I may never have a significant other, I do have my sons, who've taken me from unloved to loved and from unlovable to lovable. They've done this all on their own. They are my miracles, which I almost didn't allow to happen because of heartbreak, self-doubt and maybe even self-loathing.  Prior to Eli and Abel, I wasted at least half of my adult life obsessing about things I had lost -- men who broke my heart, clients who weren't a good fit, friendships that had faded.  My sons taught me to focus on the miracles that are right in front of my eyes every single day, beginning with my 3.7%.  Every family is different: Share your story of how IVF, adoption or your unique family structure has shaped your life with #ToBeMe or text/WhatsApp us on +1-347-322-0415  Correction: This piece initially stated Lenti is in her fourth decade and has been amended to reflect that she is in her fifth decade.) = 1
((CNN) A survey of 104 health facilities in Venezuela, commissioned by the opposition-controlled National Assembly, paints a grim picture of a collapsed system hurting for even the most essential goods and services.  According to the report, most laboratory services and hospital nutrition services are intermittent or completely inoperative. Staggering statistics highlight the shortages of items such as basic medicines, catheters, surgical supplies and infant formula.  Venezuela has been in a downward spiral for years, caused by a combination of mismanagement of government funds and the plummeting price of oil. Skyrocketing inflation has created extreme shortages of food, medicine and other essentials, while planned (and unplanned) power outages are common throughout the country and don't discriminate between critical services like clinics and hospitals and the average household.  Water, the survey found, was rarely available at the participating facilities -- 79% of them had no running water at all.  Fourteen percent of intensive care units have been shut down because they're unable to operate -- and the vast majority of open ICUs have intermittent failures due to a lack of supplies, according to the report. Almost a quarter of pediatric ICU's have closed.  Newborns and the elderly hit hard  Since 2016, newborn deaths have been on the rise, but official records are difficult to come by. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro fired Health Minister Antonieta Caporale in early 2017 , days after her department released its first batch of health- related data in two years. It showed soaring infant and maternal mortality rates. Pregnancy-related deaths rose 66% and 11,466 infants died -- a 30% increase.  The governor of Tchira state, Lady Gmez, told CNN recently that three people died in her region on the same day due to power outages. Two of the deaths happened at Hospital Padre Justo de Rubio, where a battery failed. The other death happened in an emergency room, where staff didn't have enough gas to run the hospital's generators. The deaths included a 4-month-old and a 78-year-old man.  At Caracas Maternity Hospital, doctors told CNN their maternity ward is operating and the infrastructure is working, but there is no medicine to give to patients. Instead, patients are expected to bring any medicine or supplies needed for their treatment themselves. Most end up paying inflated prices on the black market, or depend on migr relatives to send them supplies.  Healthcare for those who can afford it  Among the health facilities surveyed, private hospitals and clinics suffered the least in terms of shortages, some even reported having close to normal service, but only for those who could afford it.  A day in a private ICU can cost between $130 and $216 at the current exchange rate. Giving birth can cost anywhere between $75 and $200, depending on the clinic. Minimum wage in Venezuela is about $1.50 a month, and residents receive an additional $4 in government-issued food stamps.  Opposition incredulous  The survey was carried out over the first 10 days of March 2018, in conjunction with Doctors for Health, a national organization of physicians and specialists. The survey covered 55 cities and 22 out 23 Venezuelan states.  Opposition National Assembly representative and oncologist Jos Manuel Olivares presented the findings last week, gawking incredulously at the numbers. "It's not possible that 100% of the hospitals laboratories in the country aren't working and people who need blood transfusions don't have access to them," he said.  Two hours after the publication of the survey, Minister of Health Luis Lpez tweeted a series of photos showing renovated medical facilities and multiple trucks full of what he claimed are medical supplies and medication being shipped to different regions of the country. He said they'd sent 41,834 medical supplies to a hospital in the coastal state of Falcon, as per direct orders of President Maduro.  FALCN | Cumpliendo instrucciones del Presidente @NicolasMaduro se envi 41mil 834 insumos mdicos para el Hospital Dr Rmulo Faras desde el almac robotizado Pusana#ElPetroFuturoDeTodos pic.twitter.com/OcguUP4R3J  Luis Lpez (@LuisLopezPSUV) March 19, 2018  In one tweet, Lpez boasted about renovations in surgery rooms in a Caracas clinic. The photos published alongside his tweet show pristine halls and operations rooms, but the images are eerily empty of people, and incongruent with CNN's previous reporting in the country, where people flood the waiting rooms and hallways of most hospitals and clinics.  DISTRITO CAPITAL | En el Centro de Alta Tecnologa Andrs Bello se rehabilita quirfano de oftalmologa, mamografa, endoscopia, Rayos X para atencin mdica habitantes de El Recreo @NicolasMaduro #ElPetroFuturoDeTodos pic.twitter.com/HuUycUJNM7  Luis Lpez (@LuisLopezPSUV) March 19, 2018  CNN has contacted the Ministry of Health for comment but received no response.  On March 27, Maduro showed his renewed concern over Venezuela's healthcare systems by tweeting, "We will continue to work to guarantee access to healthcare to the Venezuelan people. Health is a sovereign right, and in the Revolution, we will continue to build a healthy country." In his tweet, he quoted another tweet with an ad for Venezuela's National Surgical Plan 2018 -- a program to renovate operating rooms across the country.  Aid desperately needed  In his statement, Olivares singled out the Maduro administration, saying it's "inhumane" that "the executive refuses to accept a humanitarian channel while patients die in medical centers in this country." He was referencing offers from the United Nations, the Vatican, and even the United States, to send aid to Venezuela.  While Maduro and other Venezuelan officials continue to refuse international aid from the US and its neighbors, small, grassroots organizations have been able to receive some very limited amount of aid. The US State Department says it stands ready to send in aid as soon as the Venezuelan government agrees to accept it. Leaders from Brazil and Colombia have also made similar pledges.) = 1
(Fred Wertheimer is the founder and president of Democracy 21 , a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization that seeks to promote government accountability and integrity. CNN contributor Norman L. Eisen is a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and was President Barack Obama's "ethics czar" from 2009-11. He is a former US ambassador to the Czech Republic. Virginia Canter is executive branch ethics counsel for the nonprofit group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington and was White House ethics counsel in the Obama and Clinton administrations and Treasury Department ethics counsel in the George W. Bush administration. The opinions expressed in this commentary are theirs.  (CNN) Jared Kushner challenged two core government integrity principles when he went to work at the White House as a senior adviser with broad domestic and international policy responsibilities.  Kushner refused to fully divest his business interests and insisted on retaining a large majority of his holdings in the Kushner real estate companies, and he holds real estate and other investments valued , according to The New York Times, citing ethics documents, at as much as $761 million. In so doing he opened the door to what may be serious conflicts of interest -- and certainly to the appearance of such conflicts.  Kushner was also hired for the position by his father-in-law, who happens to be President of the United States. In so doing, he effectively invited individuals and companies to provide financial benefits to him to gain influence with his boss and close relative, President Donald Trump. He also invited questioning by the American people about whether he was qualified for the extraordinarily broad portfolio of responsibilities his father-in-law gave him, with zero experience in most of these areas.  In our view, all of this violates both federal ethics laws and anti-nepotism ones. These violations came crashing together last week when The New York Times reported that the Kushner family real estate business received large loans after representatives of the lenders had White House meetings with Jared Kushner.  Let's look first at the conflicts issues. In one case, a private equity billionaire, Joshua Harris, had multiple meetings with Kushner and was reportedly advising on infrastructure issues. His equity firm, Apollo Global Management, reportedly "sought ways to benefit from the White House's possible infrastructure plan," according to the Times. Apollo's executives had large financial stakes in the tax bill then being considered, the Times said. And Kushner and Harris reportedly discussed a White House job for Harris, which in the end did not happen.  Apollo proceeded to lend $184 million to the Kushner Cos., partially owned by Kushner. That was reportedly triple the size of Apollo's normal real estate loan.  In a second case, Kushner met with the chief executive of Citigroup and reportedly discussed financial and trade policy. Citibank is interested in getting the government to loosen its oversight of the banking industry. Shortly after the meeting, the Times reported, Citigroup loaned the Kushner Cos. and one of its partners $325 million. It appears, based upon Kushner's financial disclosure forms, that he has a financial interest in the properties benefited by both the Apollo and the Citigroup money.  Appearances of conflicts?  At a minimum, these activities have created appearances of conflicts of interest regarding access to and influence with a senior White House official with extremely close ties to the President. Federal ethics law requires that when "circumstances would cause a reasonable person with knowledge of the relevant facts to question his impartiality in the matter, (an) employee should not participate in the matter."  The authors have, between them, worked on hundreds of apparent conflicts cases over what is almost a collective century of doing ethics cases in and outside government. We would have required Kushner to recuse here under this standard, and his failure to do so is, in our opinion, a violation.  Beyond appearance issues, however, actual conflicts of interest and other illegal activity may have occurred. That will depend on the details of the discussions that took place between Kushner and Harris, and the benefits Harris and Apollo may have received.  The possible violations here are many. For example, according to ABC News, six weeks after Apollo extended its loan, the Securities and Exchange Commission dropped an inquiry into the private investment fund. ABC said, "While there's no evidence that Kushner or any other Trump administration official had a role in the agency's decision to drop the inquiry into Apollo Global Management, the timing has once again raised potential conflict-of-interest questions about Kushner's family business and his role as an adviser to his father-in-law, President Donald Trump."  Kushner is barred by ethics rules defining actual conflicts of interest from participating in any "particular matter" with any party from whom he is seeking a loan.  If Kushner weighed in with any government official about a pending SEC matter involving Apollo, he would have violated these ethics rules. Perhaps he did not do so -- we don't know one way or the other -- but we would be remiss not to ask the question and it needs to be answered. Under the same conflicts rules, he should have recused himself from discussing any potential government position for Harris. A potential job is a "particular matter."  Qatar  Then there is the case of Qatar. Kushner also has an apparent or perhaps even an actual conflict with respect to matters involving that country, in part because it is one of Apollo's largest investors in its real estate trust. Qatar was also considered a prospective investor for the Kushner family property at 666 Fifth Ave. in New York, which has a $1.2 billion mortgage loan due early next year.  Kushner Cos. unsuccessfully solicited funding from the Qatar finance minister for the 666 Fifth Ave. property, according to The Intercept. As a result, Kushner should have fully recused himself from participating in US foreign policy matters involving Qatar. His reported role in determining a US response to the blockade of Qatar by its Saudi and United Arab Emirates neighbors is particularly egregious since it occurred only a month after theKushner Cos. unsuccessfully solicited funding from the Qatar finance minister for the 666 Fifth Ave. property, according to The Intercept.  Although Kushner divested his direct holdings in that property, he should still be viewed as having a " covered relationship " with any potential investor in 666 Fifth Ave. or other debt-ridden Kushner family properties. That is because their viability likely affects the financial health of the entire Kushner real estate business, including those in which he has retained an interest.  Kushner's failure to recuse himself from matters involving potential lenders raises questions about whether he has misused his public office to obtain private benefits in the form of huge loans to his family businesses and to retaliate if countries do not cooperate. NBC has reported that the government of Qatar has considered turning over to special counsel Robert Mueller's office evidence of efforts by the country's Persian Gulf neighbors "in coordination with Kushner" to "hurt their country." Qatar has denied its officials have been in touch with the Mueller investigation.  Is Kushner vulnerable?  As disturbing as all that is, there is still more. Allegations are surfacing that countries that are potential lenders to his businesses have been considering ways to use Kushner's financial difficulties to influence him to their policy advantages.  According to a report in The Washington Post, "officials in at least four countries have privately discussed ways they can manipulate" Kushner by "taking advantage of his complex business arrangements, financial difficulties and lack of foreign policy experience." The nations involved include the UAE, China, Israel and Mexico.  In other words, these foreign officials saw Kushner as a vulnerable target to be exploited to obtain benefits for their countries. This reportedly is one of the reasons that Kushner had been unable to get a permanent top secret security clearance and that his temporary access was downgraded last week to the lower level of secret.  We need to ask whether Kushner acted to influence foreign policy because of family business interests rather than to serve US foreign policy interests.  Anti-nepotism law  All of the dangers that the federal anti-nepotism statute was passed to prevent come directly into play here. That statute -- passed in the wake of President John F. Kennedy's employment of his brother Robert as attorney general -- expressly states that the president may not employ his son-in-law.  Two of the authors have worked in the White House, and barred family members having far weaker family ties from employment. But Trump got around this by securing a contorted Justice Department opinion that the statute does not apply, somehow persuading the department to overturn decades of its own guidance to the contrary.  Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook  The impunity with which Kushner has proceeded is a textbook case as to why relatives should not be given such jobs. A proper reading of the statute -- and the longstanding Justice Department interpretation that was rejected -- would have barred Kushner from this job, and spared the country from these conflicts.  But it is not too late to avoid further damage to the conflicts rules and the anti-nepotism ones. Kushner should leave government service promptly, before he does further harm to himself, his father-in-law and the nation. We wish we could say that would end his agony. But the damage that has already been done is likely to be the subject of ongoing investigations, and possible legal proceedings, for a long time to come.) = 1
() = 1
(Julian Zelizer is a history and public affairs professor at Princeton University and the editor of "The Presidency of Barack Obama: A First Historical Assessment." He's also the co-host of the "Politics & Polls" podcast. Follow him on Twitter: @julianzelizer. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his own.  (CNN) Republicans should be worried about Anderson Cooper's "60 Minutes" interview with the porn actress Stephanie Clifford, who performs as Stormy Daniels, coming days after the CNN anchor interviewed former Playboy model Karen McDougal.  As they listen to the women recount stories of relationships they say they had with the married Donald Trump (affairs which he denies), they may not be able to avoid thinking about what it will mean at the ballot box in November.  In special elections, Republicans have been struggling to retain vacant seats even in solidly red districts, as the Trump effect starts to take a toll. And the potential for women's votes to determine the outcome of the midterms is immense.  There are many parts of the Daniels story that probably won't add up to anything more than salacious and disturbing tales from Trump's private life. The details of his alleged infidelity to Melania and his sexual peccadilloes, as well as the images that might be on the mystery CD or DVD tweeted about by attorney Michael Avenatti, are not likely to move the political needle given that most of the public already has a pretty good sense of who the President is as a person.  If these interviews are really eye-opening to you, then you probably have not been paying attention. Even the evangelical voters who have decided to set aside their principles and give Trump a "mulligan" because of his right-leaning nominations for judgeships never believed that President Trump was an angel.  Read More) = 1
(Las Vegas (CNN)  Las Vegas Boulevard -- the world-famous Las Vegas Strip -- is the central artery of Sin City and the main line to a majority of the city's best sights, gambling, food and fun.  With neon signs and dancing fountains along an eight-mile stretch of awesome, the Strip delivers sensory overload.  Some of the latest sights to hit the Strip include a new competitive video game arena at Luxor and a virtual reality attraction at the Neon Museum. The city's pro hockey team, the Golden Knights, are predicted to make the playoffs this year, too, which means their home ice at the south end of Las Vegas Boulevard will be in the national spotlight for much of the spring.  These are just the most recent developments along Las Vegas' most iconic street. Whether you want to roll the dice at one of the city's casinos, watch a world-class performance, eat at a celebrity chef's Vegas outpost or simply glory in the glittering spectacle, it can be hard to choose what to do first when you travel here.  It's best to start at the beginning, at the southern end of the Strip. From south to north, here are 15 of our favorite attractions on one of the most famous roads in the world.  1. 'Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada' sign  Brian Jones/Las Vegas News Bureau  The iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada" sign serves as Sin City's unofficial welcome mat.  This neon beacon has greeted visitors at the south end of Las Vegas Boulevard since 1959, when commercial artist and prolific sign designer Betty Willis designed it as a gift to the city. Because Willis never trademarked her work, merchandising companies have been able to replicate it on t-shirts, mugs and other tchotchkes.  The sign was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2009, and it's one of the most popular selfie spots in town. It also served as the site of a makeshift memorial after the mass shooting at a country music concert in October 2017.  "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada," sign, Las Vegas Boulevard, South. Las Vegas, NV 89101.  2. Luxor Hotel & Casino  This 1990s-built pyramid isn't one of the seven wonders of the world, but it stands out in a town where copycatting New York, Paris, Venice and other iconic destinations certainly is a compliment.  Inside, guests ride inclinators instead of elevators to their rooms, and people-movers ascend and descend at 39-degree angles along the corners of the pyramid, creating a rocking sensation that makes riders feel like they're on a boat.  Related content 7 best boutique hotels in Las Vegas  Outside, a spotlight at the pyramid's peak boasts of being the strongest beam of light in the world. The resort just opened the Strip's first dedicated arena for multi-player video games  Luxor Hotel & Casino , 3900 Las Vegas Blvd., S. Las Vegas, NV 89119; +1 702 262-4000  3. The Park  Francis and Francis/Courtesy MGM  One of the newest additions to Sin City, this $100 million urban oasis between the New York-New York and Park MGM (the soon-to-be-renamed Monte Carlo) hotels stretches from Las Vegas Boulevard back to T-Mobile Arena.  Along the way, brick walkways wind past the Las Vegas outpost of Shake Shack and other open-air restaurants, a walk-through water feature that evokes parting the Red Sea and "Bliss Dance," a 40-foot-tall statue of a dancing woman. The area is hopping before home games for the NHL's Golden Knights, the first pro sports team in Vegas history.  The Park , 3784 Las Vegas Blvd., S. Las Vegas, NV 89109; +1 702 740-6969  4. Public art at City Center  While Las Vegas isn't known for its art scene, MGM Resorts has invested $40 million over the last 10 years in public art at the 67-acre City Center complex.  Notables include Maya Lin's "Silver River," which hangs behind the registration desk at Aria Las Vegas and depicts the course of the Colorado River; and Glacia, a piece on the ground floor of The Shops at Crystals composed of 15-foot-tall ice columns rising anew each morning and melting in different patterns throughout the day.  Related content Off the Strip: 10 places to explore outside Las Vegas  A third piece, named "Big Edge," comprises more than 200 kayaks, canoes and other water vessels.  City Center, Las Vegas, NV 89109; between the Monte Carlo Las Vegas Resort & Casino and Harmon Avenue.  5. Fountains of Bellagio  Courtesy MGM  Water that dances like ballerinas. Cannons that shoot water hundreds of feet in the air. Yes, the fountains that span the artificial lake in front of Bellagio Las Vegas have become one of the most iconic Vegas sights. It's no wonder this is where the characters from the 2001 version of "Ocean's 11" met to celebrate their big heist.  The spectacle, designed by a company poetically named Wet, opened with the property in 1998 and today comprises more than 1,000 fountains in all, some shooting spray more than 450 feet into the air. The fountains go off weekdays every 30 minutes between 3 p.m. and 8 p.m., and every 15 minutes between 8 p.m. and midnight. They are even more frequent on weekends.  Unless you've got a bird's eye view from a balcony suite at The Cosmopolitan, arrive early to secure a prime standing-room only spot along the Strip.  Fountains of Bellagio , 3600 Las Vegas Blvd., S., Las Vegas, NV 89109; +1 702/693-7111  6. Fall of Atlantis show  Drama is in full effect at this free animatronic spectacle inside the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace. The 11-minute show tells the story of the Lost City of Atlantis, and what happens when the ailing King Atlas must decide which of his children should rule.  Related content How a retirement plan birthed Asia's best Portuguese wine lounge  Audiences are treated to video screen supplements, fireballs, a 20-foot winged dragon and props by set designers who worked on "Thor" and "Pirates of the Caribbean." There are even fish tanks with real, live fish. The show debuted in 1997 and was updated in 2013. Shows start every hour between 11 a.m. and 10 p.m.  Fall of Atlantis show , Forum Shops at Caesars Palace, 3570 Las Vegas Blvd., S., Las Vegas, NV 89109; +1 702 893-4800  7. LINQ Promenade  Kabik  Malls are nothing new in Las Vegas. But this open-air pedestrian-only attraction, which opened in 2013, is more than a shopping center. The LINQ Promenade stretches from the Strip to the High Roller, the tallest observation wheel in the world (at 550 feet tall, it's taller than the London Eye ).  In between, the Promenade is home to the Strip's only In-N-Out Burger franchise, a West-Coast outpost for the bowling alley/concert venue Brooklyn Bowl and a Beverly Hills-based Sprinkles bakery that sells cupcakes from an ATM. A zipline is expected to open later this year.  LINQ Promenade, 3535 Las Vegas Blvd., S., Las Vegas, NV 89109; +1 702 794-3366  8. Wildlife Habitat at Flamingo Las Vegas  This zoo-like oasis in the courtyard of the Flamingo Las Vegas is home to more than 60 exotic birds (including Chilean flamingoes, of course), 20 turtles and 300 fish.  The free attraction opened in 1995, and it's a great place to escape from the hubbub of the Strip and the nearby LINQ Promenade. To see the animals in their most active states, swing by for one of the twice-daily feedings, held in a section dubbed "Pelican Island" at 8:30 a.m. and 2 p.m.  Flamingo Las Vegas , 3555 Las Vegas Blvd., S., Las Vegas, NV 89109; +1 702 733-3111  9. The Mirage Volcano  Ethan Miller/Getty Images for MGM Mirage  Fireballs, water cannons and booming percussion riffs highlight the free "eruptions" at the volcano that fronts The Mirage along Las Vegas Boulevard.  The soundtrack is a collaboration between Mickey Hart, former drummer for The Grateful Dead, and Zakir Hussain, an Indian musician who is a master of a drum called the tabla.  The volcano dates back to the hotel's opening in 1989. It was updated with new beats in 2008. Pyrotechnics go off Sunday-Thursday at 7 p.m. and 8 p.m., with an additional show on Fridays and Saturdays at 9 p.m.  The Mirage , 3400 Las Vegas Blvd., S., Las Vegas, NV 89109; +1 702 791-7111  10. The Venetian's canals  Baritones boom out Italian love songs as they paddle past. Couples canoodle in gondolas as they glide by. You can't get more Venetian than this outside of Italy.  So when Sands Corp. CEO Sheldon G. Adelson built The Venetian, he spared no expense to replicate the iconic waterways. Gondola rides are available in two spots: outdoors in a canal that runs along Las Vegas Boulevard, and indoors along the 285,000-gallon Grand Canal, which passes beneath bridges and past piazza cafes.  Related content A photographer's ode to an Italy that no longer exists  Most of the stripe-shirted gondoliers sing upon request, and photo packages are available to capture the moment for posterity.  Venetian Las Vegas , 3355 Las Vegas Blvd., S., Las Vegas, NV 89109; +1 702 414-1000  11. Adventuredome  MGM Resorts  The main attraction at family-friendly Circus Circus Hotel & Casino is the Adventuredome-a glass-enclosed big-top with five acres of diversions. Rides include two roller coasters (including one that drops at 1.5 vertical-G), a half-dozen spinning rides, virtual reality experiences and a carousel.  The Adventuredome also sports a carnival midway with more than 40 games, an arcade, mini-golf, bowling and clown shows. The best value is a per-person discounted all-day wristband.  Adventuredome , 2880 Las Vegas Blvd., S., Las Vegas, NV 89109; +1 702 794-3939  12. Gold & Silver Pawn Shop  Reality television fans flock to this working pawn shop, which has been the backdrop for the History channel's television series, "Pawn Stars," since 2009.  Time it right and you might even catch film crews capturing Rick or Corey Harrison examining items or yelling at customers. The queue of people outside the shop is a telltale sign that cameras are rolling. Over the years the retail floor has grown to include branded souvenirs, a sure sign of television success.  13. Fremont Street Experience  Fremont Street Experience  Fremont Street Experience is the heart of downtown Vegas; a five-block pedestrian-only entertainment district with everything from the SlotZilla, the world's largest slot machine, to a zipline. Actually, the zipline starts inside the slot machine.  There's also a zombie-themed maze and live music every night. Looking down on all the mayhem is Viva Vision, a 1,500-foot-long video screen with 12.5 million LED lights and a booming sound system.  The best way to take it all in? Slowly, with a yard-long frozen margarita in hand.  Fremont Street Experience , Fremont Street, Las Vegas, NV 89101; +1 702 678-5600  14. Downtown Container Park  More than 40 repurposed shipping containers just east of Las Vegas Boulevard have been turned into a popular spot for shopping, dining and nightlife.  Don't miss the craft cocktails at the whiskey-heavy Oak & Ivy, and be sure to take the 33-foot-long slide down from the three-story "treehouse" in the center play area.  The giant fire-breathing praying mantis sculpture out front was apparently too cool to burn. (It was created for the Burning Man festival by aerospace engineer and artist Kirk Jellum.)  Downtown Container Park , 707 Fremont St. E., Las Vegas, NV 89101  15. The Neon Museum  Neon Museum  If neon could talk, it likely would be able to regale every visitor with colorful stories about Rat Pack-era Las Vegas.  Actually, the more than 200 neon signs sit in a lot called the "Boneyard" do tell the history of Las Vegas at this one-of-a-kind museum downtown.  Visitors can explore this collection only through an hour-long guided tour.  Among the highlights: Old signs from the fronts of Caesars Palace, as well as the old Stardust. All guests enter the facility through the circa-1961 mid-century modern visitor center, which actually is the former lobby for the La Concha motel. Tours are best at night, when 11 signs light up.  In February, the museum opened an augmented reality experience that incorporates high-tech projectors and Rat Pack-era music to reanimate many other iconic signs.) = 1
(Paris (CNN) Thousands of people marched through Paris on Wednesday evening to protest the killing of a Holocaust survivor in her home over the weekend, in what investigators are treating as an anti-Semitic crime.  Mireille Knoll, 85, was stabbed 11 times and her apartment was set on fire in the attack, French authorities said. Two men in their 20s have been arrested, one a neighbor of Knoll's and the other a homeless man, a judicial source told CNN.  An image of Mireille Knoll posted on the door of her apartment in Paris on March 27, 2018, after she was found dead.  Protesters marched to Knoll's home in Paris' 11th arrondissement on Wednesday, many carrying white roses in mourning for Knoll. Others held signs showing a yellow hand, which became an anti-racism symbol in France some years ago, above the phrase, "Don't touch my friend."  Dominique Moisi, co-founder of the Paris-based French Institute of International Relations, said he was marching to call for peace across the country.  "What we want is a kind of unity in the country, behind sanity, humanity, to proclaim the sanctity of life," he said.  Read More) = 1
((CNN) Here's a look at the Mexican Drug War. The Mexican government has been fighting a war with drug traffickers since December 2006. At the same time, drug cartels have fought each other for control of territory.  A 2015 Congressional Research Service report estimates at least 80,000 people have been killed due to organized crime related incidents since 2006. Under Pea Nieto, overall intentional homicide numbers have declined as much as 30%, according to the Mexican government  Mexican drug cartels take in between $19 and $29 billion annually from drug sales in the US.  Major Cartels:  Beltran Leyva - Founded by the four Beltran Leyva brothers, Arturo, Carlos, Alfredo and Hector. Formerly aligned with the Sinaloa cartel, now aligned with Los Zetas against the Sinaloa, Gulf and La Familia Michoacana cartels.  Gulf Cartel - Based in Matamoros, Tamaulipas.  Juarez Cartel - Formerly aligned with the Sinaloa Cartel, now fighting it for control of Ciudad Juarez and the state of Chihuahua.  La Familia Michoacana - Based in the Michoacan state. Possibly defunct as of 2011.  Los Zetas Cartel - Comprised of former elite members of the Mexican military. Initially they worked as hit men for the Gulf Cartel, before becoming independent. They now battle the Gulf cartel for control of Tamaulipas and Nuevo Leon.  Sinaloa Cartel - Considered to be the dominant drug trafficking organization in Mexico. Led by Considered to be the dominant drug trafficking organization in Mexico. Led by Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman  Tijuana/Arellano Felix Cartel - Based in Tijuana. Most of the Arellano Felix brothers have been apprehended or killed.  Timeline:  December 11, 2006 - Newly elected Mexican President Felipe Calderon deploys more than 6,500 Mexican soldiers to the state of Michoacn to battle drug traffickers.  2006 - In the first few weeks of the government crackdown on drug trafficking, 62 people are killed. (Mexican government, April 2010)  January 2007 - Captured drug lord Osiel Cardena Guillen, alleged former head of the Gulf cartel, is extradited to the United States.  February 2007 - More than 20,000 Mexican soldiers and federal police are spread out across Mexico as part of President Calderon's drug war.  June 25, 2007 - President Calderon fires 284 federal police commanders to weed out corruption.  2007 - In the first full year of the drug war, 2,837 people are killed. (Mexican government, April 2010)  January 2008 - Alfredo Beltran Leyva, of the Beltran Leyva Cartel, is arrested by Mexican police in Culiacan, Sinaloa, Mexico.  May 1, 2008 - Roberto Velasco Bravo, Mexico's director of investigation for organized crime, is killed in Mexico City.  May 8, 2008 - Edgar Eusebio Millan Gomez, Mexico's federal police chief, and two bodyguards are killed in Mexico City.  May 9, 2008 - The commander of Mexico City's investigative police force, Esteban Roble Espinosa, is killed outside his home.  September 15, 2008 - During an Independence day celebration in Morelia's town square, grenades are thrown into the crowd, killing eight people. The incident has been described as the first terrorist-style attack on innocent bystanders in Mexico's drug war.  November 1, 2008 - The acting head of Mexico's Federal Police, Victor Gerardo Garay, resigns under suspicion of corruption.  2008 - In 2008, 6,844 people are killed in Mexico's drug war. (Mexican government, April 2010)  November 3, 2009 - The reported head of the Los Zetas drug cartel, Braulio Arellano Dominguez, is killed in a gun battle with Mexican forces in Soledad de Doblado.  December 16, 2009 - Arturo Beltran Leyva, head of the Beltran Leyva cartel, is killed in a shootout with Mexican forces in Cuernavaca.  2009 - The Mexican government reports 9,635 deaths in 2009 in the drug war. (Mexican government, April 2010)  January 2010 - Carlos Beltran Leyva is arrested by Mexican authorities in Sinaloa. He is the third Beltran Leyva cartel brother to be captured or killed in two years.  February 25, 2010 - Osiel Cardenas Guillen, head of the Gulf Cartel until his capture in 2003, is sentenced to 25 years in prison in Texas. He is also forced to turn over $50 million to the United States.  May 26, 2010 - Pedro Roberto Velazquez Amador, allegedly the leader of the Beltran Leyva cartel in San Pedro, is killed in a shootout with federal forces in northern Mexico.  June 11, 2010 - Edgar Valdez Villarreal, "La Barbie," an American citizen, is charged with trafficking thousands of kilograms of cocaine into the United States between 2004 and 2006. He remains a fugitive with a $2 million reward for information leading to his capture.  June 25, 2010 - A leader in the Sinaloa cartel, Manuel Garibay Espinoza, is arrested in Mexicali.  July 29, 2010 - Ignacio "Nacho" Coronel Villarreal, one of the leaders of the Sinaloa drug cartel, is killed in a military raid in Guadalajara's suburbs.  August 25, 2010 - The bodies of 72 migrants from South and Central America are discovered on a ranch in Tamaulipas state. It is believed the 58 men and 14 women were kidnapped by the Los Zetas cartel and killed for refusing to traffic drugs.  August 30, 2010 - Mexican authorities announce that they have captured "La Barbie."  September 10, 2010 - President Calderon tells CNN en Espaol, "We live next to the world's largest drug consumer, and all the world wants to sell them drugs through our door and our window. And we live next to the world's largest arms seller, which is supplying the criminals."  September 12, 2010 - A top leader in the Beltran Leyva cartel, Sergio Villarreal, is arrested in the city of Puebla.  November 5, 2010 - Antonio Ezequiel Cardenas Guillen, aka Tony Tormenta, allegedly the head of the Gulf cartel, is killed in a shootout with Mexican forces in Matamoros.  January 2011 - The Mexican government says that 34,612 citizens have been killed during the four-year drug war.  January 17, 2011 - Flavio Mendez Santiago, one of the original founders of Los Zetas, is captured near Oaxaca.  February 15, 2011 - US Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agents Jaime Zapata and Victor Avila Jr. are run off the road in Mexico and attacked by a group of armed men who open fire. Zapata dies and Avila survives a gunshot wound to his leg. The Los Zetas drug cartel is suspected.  February 23, 2011 - Mexican soldiers arrest six members of the Los Zetas drug cartel, including Julian Zapata Espinoza, who is allegedly responsible for the death of US ICE Agent Jaime Zapata.  March 5, 2011 - Alleged Los Zetas drug cartel member, Mario Jimenez Perez, is arrested in connection with US ICE Agent Jamie Zapata's murder.  March 7, 2011 - Alleged Los Zetas drug cartel leader, Marcos Carmona Hernandez, is arrested.  April 2011 - Several mass graves holding 177 bodies are discovered in Tamaulipas, the same area where the bodies of 72 migrants were discovered in 2010.  April 16, 2011 - Mexican authorities announce the arrest of Martin Omar Estrada Luna -- nicknamed "El Kilo," a presumed leader of the Los Zetas drug cartel. Estrada Luna has been identified by authorities as one of three prime suspects behind the mass graves discovered earlier in April.  April 29, 2011 - Former drug cartel leader Benjamin Arellano Felix is extradited to the United States.  May 8, 2011 - Twelve suspected members of the Los Zetas drug cartel and a member of Mexico's navy are killed in a shootout on a Falcon Lake island. Authorities say the suspected drug traffickers were storing marijuana on the island.  May 29, 2011 - Ten police officers, including a police chief, are arrested on charges of protecting the Los Zetas drug cartel.  June 2011 - A congressional report shows that about 70% of firearms seized in Mexico and submitted to the ATF for tracing, came from the United States. The report covers 29,284 firearms submitted in 2009 and 2010.  June 21, 2011 - Mexican federal police capture Jose de Jesus Mendez Vargas, also known as "The Monkey," the alleged head of La Familia Michoacana cartel in Augascalientes.  July 3, 2011 - Mexican authorities arrest Jesus Enrique Rejon Aguilar, known as "El Mamito," a reported founding member of the Los Zetas Cartel and allegedly connected to ICE Agent Jaime Zapata's death.  July 11, 2011 - The US government announces a plan to require gun dealers in California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas to report the sales of semiautomatic rifles under certain conditions in an effort to stem the flow of guns to Mexican drug cartels.  July 27, 2011 - Edgar Jimenez Lugo, known as "El Ponchis" or "The Cloak," a 14-year-old American citizen with suspected drug cartel ties, is found guilty of beheading at least four people. He is sentenced to three years, the maximum for a juvenile, in a Mexican correctional facility.  July 30, 2011 - Mexican authorities announce they have Jose Antonio Acosta Hernandez, or "El Diego," in custody. He is the purported leader of La Linea, the suspected armed branch of the Juarez drug cartel, and considered responsible for the death of US Consulate employee Lesley Enriquez and her husband Arthur Redelfs.  August 1, 2011 - Mexican federal police arrest Moises Montero Alvarez, known as "The Korean," a suspected leader of the Independent Cartel of Acapulco (CIDA) and allegedly connected with the murders of 20 Mexican tourists in 2010.  August 25, 2011 - At least 52 people are killed in an attack on the Casino Royale in Monterrey, Mexico. Witnesses say up to six people entered the Casino Royale and demanded money from the manager. When the manager refused to pay, the building was set on fire.  August 30, 2011 - Mexican officials allege that five suspects arrested in connection with the Mexico casino fire are members of the Los Zetas drug cartel. The suspects are identified as Luis Carlos Carrazco Espinosa; Javier Alonso Martinez Morales, alias "el Javo;" Jonathan Jahir Reyna Gutierrez; Juan Angel Leal Flores; and Julio Tadeo Berrones, alias "El Julio Rayas."  September 1, 2011 - A Nuevo Leon state police officer, Miguel Angel Barraza Escamilla, is arrested in connection with the casino fire in Monterrey.  September 13, 2011 - A murdered man and woman are found hanging from a bridge in Nuevo Laredo. Near their mutilated bodies is a sign saying they were killed for denouncing drug cartel activities on a social media site. The sign also threatens to kill others who post "funny things on the internet."  October 12, 2011 - A suspected top Los Zetas drug cartel leader, Carlos Oliva Castillo, alias "La rana," or "The Frog," is arrested for allegedly ordering the attack on the Monterrey casino.  January 4, 2012 - Benjamin Arellano Felix, a former leader of Mexico's Tijuana drug cartel, pleads guilty to charges of racketeering and conspiracy to launder money. The plea deal calls for the forfeiture of $100 million to the United States and a maximum of 25 years in prison.  January 11, 2012 - The office of Mexico's Attorney General releases a statement saying that nearly 13,000 people were killed in drug violence between January and September 2011.  August 31, 2012 - Eduardo Arellano Felix, an alleged senior member of a Tijuana-based drug cartel, is extradited from Mexico to the United States. Arellano Felix was arrested on October 25, 2008, after a gun battle with Mexican forces. He is later sentenced to 15 years in US prison.  September 3, 2012 - In his final state of the nation address, President Calderon defends his government's approach to combating crime and drugs and criticizes the United States for providing criminals with almost "unlimited access" to weapons.  September 4, 2012 - Mexican authorities announce the capture of Mario Cardenas Guillen, also known as "M1" and "The Fat One," a suspected leader of the Gulf cartel.  September 27, 2012 - Mexican marines capture and arrest a man claiming to be Ivan Velazquez Caballero, alias "El Taliban." Velazquez Caballero is one of the top leaders of Los Zetas.  October 9, 2012 - Mexican authorities confirm that Mexican marines killed Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, leader of the Zetas cartel, in a shootout on October 7. Lazcano's body was stolen from a funeral home on October 8, but authorities had already taken fingerprints and photographs to confirm his identity.  July 15, 2013 - Los Zetas cartel leader Miguel Angel Trevino Morales, known as Z-40, is detained by Mexican authorities in an operation in the Mexican border state of Tamaulipas, state media reports.  August 20, 2013 - Mario Ramirez-Trevino, ranking member of the Gulf cartel and also known as "X-20," is captured in Reynosa, a city in Tamaulipas state.  February 22, 2014 - A US official tells CNN that Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, the boss of one of Mexico's most powerful drug trafficking operations, has been arrested in Mexico.  March 9, 2014 - Cartel leader Nazario Moreno Gonzalez, also known as "El Chayo," "El Doctor" and "El Mas Loco," The Craziest One," is fatally shot during an arrest attempt, according to Mexican authorities. He was one of the leaders and main founders of La Familia Michoacana cartel. This is the second time Mexican officials have claimed Moreno is dead. They also announced his death in 2010. Cartel leader Nazario Moreno Gonzalez, also known as "El Chayo," "El Doctor" and "El Mas Loco," The Craziest One," is fatally shot during an arrest attempt, according to Mexican authorities. He was one of the leaders and main founders of La Familia Michoacana cartel. This is the second time Mexican officials have claimed Moreno is dead. They also announced his death in 2010.  October 1, 2014 - Mexican police capture Hector Beltran Leyva, head of the Beltran Leyva drug cartel, in San Miguel de Allende, Mexico. Mexican police capture Hector Beltran Leyva, head of the Beltran Leyva drug cartel, in San Miguel de Allende, Mexico.  October 9, 2014 - Authorities announce that Mexican federal police have captured alleged Juarez Cartel boss Vicente Carrillo Fuentes. Authorities announce that Mexican federal police have captured alleged Juarez Cartel boss Vicente Carrillo Fuentes.  July 11, 2015 - "El Chapo" escapes through a hole in his cell block that led to a tunnel nearly a mile long. Guzman previously escaped from prison in 2001 in a laundry cart and eluded authorities for more than a dozen years until his capture in 2014. "El Chapo" escapes through a hole in his cell block that led to a tunnel nearly a mile long. Guzman previously escaped from prison in 2001 in a laundry cart and eluded authorities for more than a dozen years until his capture in 2014.  January 8, 2016 - Mexican security forces arrest Guzman in Sinaloa. While on the run, Mexican security forces arrest Guzman in Sinaloa. While on the run, he met with actor Sean Penn in October for an interview published in Rolling Stone.  January 29, 2016 - A cross-border raid by US and Mexican law enforcement officials results in the arrest of 24 Sinaloa cartel members. The sting also netted weapons and hundreds of pounds of narcotics.  March 14, 2017 - Veracruz State Attorney General Jorge Winckler confirms that a Veracruz State Attorney General Jorge Winckler confirms that a mass grave containing more than 250 human skulls has been uncovered . The remains appear to be victims of organized crime violence killed in recent years.  May 2, 2017 - Dmaso Lpez Nuez, a high-ranking leader of Mexico's Sinaloa drug cartel, is arrested in Mexico City. Dmaso Lpez Nuez, a high-ranking leader of Mexico's Sinaloa drug cartel, is arrested in Mexico City.  December 19, 2017 - The US Department of Justice announces the extradition from Mexico to the US of two alleged former Mexican drug cartel leaders -- Mario Ramirez-Trevino, alleged former leader of the Mexican Gulf Cartel, and an associate of Guzman, Victor Manuel Felix-Felix, alleged leader of a Mexican money laundering and cocaine trafficking organization. Ramirez-Trevino was charged and arrested in 2013 and has been in Mexican custody since. Felix-Felix was indicted in March 2011.  February 9, 2018 - Mexican authorities capture the alleged head of the Zetas drug cartel, Jose Maria Guizar Valencia.) = 1
(Don Lincoln is a physics researcher who studies the laws of nature. He is the author of several books, including " The Large Hadron Collider: The Extraordinary Story of the Higgs Boson and Other Things that Will Blow Your Mind ." Follow him on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.  (CNN) Chicken Little was right. In a very literal sense, the sky is falling. Not today and not tomorrow, but eventually. NASA has announced that on September 22, 2135 (which happens to be a Thursday, if you need to check your schedule), there is a small chance an asteroid a third of a mile across (named Bennu) will slam into the Earth with an impact energy equivalent to the currently deployed arsenal of US nuclear ballistic missiles.  Needless to say, if that happens, it will definitely be a bad day for everyone.  But, not to worry, NASA has a plan. In a theoretical exercise, a team of engineers devised a conceptual design of the Hypervelocity Asteroid Mitigation Mission for Emergency Response vehicle, or HAMMER. It is a hypothetical spacecraft that could either ram into Bennu or target it with a nuclear device, either of which it is hoped would deflect the asteroid away from Earth.  HAMMER is not an actual NASA program, but rather an investigation into the technical challenges that would arise in building such a device. The 1998 movies "Armageddon" and "Deep Impact" were dramatizations of broadly similar efforts.  While it is rather unlikely that Bennu will actually hit Earth, it is inevitable that eventually a similar one will. The probability of an impact is high for smaller rocks and decreases rapidly for larger asteroids.  In 2013, a meteor about 60 feet (20 meters) across hit the Earth near Chelyabinsk in Russia. This relatively small rock still did considerable damage. It released about 30 times as much energy as the nuclear explosion at Hiroshima, blowing out glass windows and causing 1,500 people to seek medical attention.  It was small enough that the energy was mostly dissipated in the atmosphere, although a few rocks hit Earth. At the other end of the spectrum was a meteor about 10 miles (16 kilometers) in diameter that hit the Yucatan Peninsula 65 million years ago with enough energy to wipe out the dinosaurs as a dominant form of life on Earth. This meteor left a crater about 100 miles (150 kilometers) across.  Meteors like the Chelyabinsk one are fairly common, hitting the Earth every few years, while those on the scale of the Yucatan one happen perhaps every 100 million years or so. In between are impacts comparable to the Bennu asteroid, which are also fairly rare, perhaps once every 100,000 years.  But even smaller meteors can cause considerable damage. And they are surprisingly common , although luckily most impacts occur over the oceans or uninhabited regions around the globe. An impact of even a modest-sized meteor could have catastrophic consequences if it were to occur over a large city. Humanity would have to intervene to avoid massive loss of life. Ideally, that intervention would be a mission like HAMMER to avoid the collision entirely.  In the asteroid-deflection business, warning is everything. A small amount of force applied to an asteroid many years before a predicted impact can easily alter the asteroid's orbit, while a last minute intervention could require so much force that it might well be impossible to avoid the impact.  With that in mind, NASA set up a program whose chief executive has what could well be the coolest title of any position in any organization: Planetary Defense Officer. The Planetary Defense Coordination Office oversees studies of mitigation efforts (like HAMMER and others) but also the near Earth orbit, or NEO, observations program. The Center for NEO Studies is dedicated to watching the skies, looking for large space rocks in orbits that could intersect the Earth.  CNEOS has discovered approximately 18,000 near-Earth objects, with nearly 1,000 of them being over a kilometer in size. Those, of course, are the most dangerous ones. The NEO search program has existed in various forms since the 1970s.  In 1998, NASA was directed by the Congressional Committee on Science, Space and Technology to look for possible threats of asteroids larger than a kilometer. The program has become more sophisticated over the last two decades.  There are a bunch of NEOs out there and astronomers have found perhaps 90% of those larger than a kilometer and a lesser fraction of smaller ones. Of all NEOs found, NASA's programs were responsible for 98% of the discoveries, with other astronomers finding the others. At a very modest fraction of NASA's overall budget, this office is the sentinel, watching and waiting, warning us of potentially serious dangers. This is an important effort and one well worth our support.  Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook  Will Bennu hit Earth in 2135? Probably not.  But the Earth will definitely be hit again. It's not a matter of if, but when.  We live in a cosmic shooting gallery and one day a bullet will head our way. And, when that fateful day comes, I very much hope that the good astronomers involved in NEO searches will have saved the day.) = 1
(Maybe you haven't started your taxes because you're waiting on a missing W-2 form or a late 1099. Or maybe you're just procrastinating.  It's okay. If you need more time to file your taxes, the government isn't going to ask you why.  It's pretty easy to file an extension. Just fill out form 4868, informing the IRS that your return will be sent by October 15, 2018.  But there's a catch: If you owe any money, you still need pay your taxes by the deadline of April 17, 2018.  Here's how getting an extension to file your taxes works.  WHERE DO I SIGN UP?  You can mail in form 4868 or, much more conveniently, use e-file for the form. The IRS allows everyone to e-file for an extension using these free online services. The free e-file applies only for requesting an extension. (To use the Free File Software to e-file your return, your adjusted gross income cannot exceed $66,000.)  Once you've put in your extension paperwork you'll have six months to get your act together. That will give you until Oct. 15, 2018 to file your taxes with all documentation. Many states offer similar extension options, with tax filing deadlines in October and November.  IF I HAVEN'T DONE A RETURN, HOW DO I KNOW HOW MUCH TO PAY?  Remember, when you file for an extension you're just asking for more time to finish the forms. The IRS won't give you more time to pay any taxes you owe.  So how much do you fork over?  "You can do a little bit of math, you can plug your stuff into tax software and get a rough idea of what you owe," says Mark Kohler, CPA and senior tax adviser at TaxSlayer.  Based on the information that you have available, you will pay the IRS what you calculate your total tax liability for 2017 to be.  "If you file for an extension and pay 90% of what you owe, there is no penalty," says Kohler.  IS GETTING AN EXTENSION WORTH IT?  Opting for an extension may be more trouble than it's worth, since you still have to pony up the money now anyway. But if you are still trying to find documents and pull together a return, the extra time can be a relief.  "If you don't file on time and don't file an extension, you increase the chances of an audit," says Kohler, "because the IRS doesn't know what you're up to."  Also: extensions are not a terrible idea if you don't think you owe the IRS any money. Most Americans get refunds come tax day anyway. And there is no penalty for filing your taxes late if the IRS owes you money.  WHAT IF I CAN'T PAY?  If you happen to be procrastinating because you cannot pay the taxes you owe, skipping out on your taxes will only create larger problems later.  Better to be up front about your inability to pay.  "The penalty for not filing is a lot worse than the penalty for not paying," says Kohler.  It's always better to file your tax return (or file for an extension) and pay as much of your tax bill as you can afford over not filing at all.  According to the IRS: "The failure to file penalty is usually 5% of the tax owed for each month, or part of a month that your return is late, up to a maximum of 25%,"  By comparison: "The failure to pay penalty is .5% for each month."  If you can't pay your taxes, you can apply to the IRS for an online payment program. There may be some fees involved, as well as any interest or penalty fees due.  "Make sure you file," says Kohler. "Even if you can't pay, make sure you file.") = 1
(Photos: How a cup of coffee becomes a 'human rights movement' Amy Wright, founder and CEO of Bitty & Beau's Coffee, employs 40 people living with intellectual and developmental disabilities ranging from Down syndrome to autism to cerebral palsy. Her efforts landed her on the list of top 10 CNN Heroes for 2017 . Click through the gallery for more information and photos. Hide Caption 1 of 8  Photos: How a cup of coffee becomes a 'human rights movement' Wright helps employees Jesse Guillaume (left) and Elizabeth Johnson fill coffee bean bags at the shop on a Monday in November 2017. Bitty & Beau's Coffee is known as "The Happiest Place in Wilmington," but that's not just because of its mochas and lattes -- at the heart of this North Carolina coffee shop's popularity is its unique staff. Hide Caption 2 of 8  Photos: How a cup of coffee becomes a 'human rights movement' Guillaume, left, and fellow worker Matt Dean joke with one another. The shop opened in January 2016 and immediately had lines out the door. National press attention followed, and six months later, it had to move to a larger space. Hide Caption 3 of 8  Photos: How a cup of coffee becomes a 'human rights movement' Guillaume, left, and Johnson share a moment. In addition to the 40 employees who live with disabilities, Bitty & Beau's employs two managers who are trained in special education. "Our wait time is no longer than any of our competitors," Wright said. "They've all gotten really good at their jobs and step up if somebody else needs help."  Hide Caption 4 of 8  Photos: How a cup of coffee becomes a 'human rights movement' Sometimes, the shop's staff takes a 'dance break'. Here, their conga line is joined by Wright's two youngest children, Bitty, 7, and Beau, 12, who both have Down syndrome. When Wright and her husband discovered that 70% of those with intellectual disabilities don't have jobs, they opened the coffee shop to do something about it. Hide Caption 5 of 8  Photos: How a cup of coffee becomes a 'human rights movement' Wright helps her daughter Bitty, 7, wipe down the counter at Bitty & Beau's. "When Beau was born, we were thrust into the world of special needs. So we've been trying to advocate in different ways since then, and that intensified after (we had) Bitty. But it's so hard to get people to change their perceptions. It felt like we were swimming upstream. People are scared of what they don't know, so that's why we've decided to live out loud and to show people what our lives are like." Hide Caption 6 of 8  Photos: How a cup of coffee becomes a 'human rights movement' Employee Jesse Guillaume collects customer quotes on why they like the coffee shop. "You are the reason why people love this place," writes one observer. Hide Caption 7 of 8) = 1
((CNN) Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, ensnared in a corruption scandal involving Latin America's largest construction firm, announced his resignation on Wednesday.  The resignation came one day shy of a congressional impeachment vote against Kuczynski, who made the announcement on national television but continued to deny any wrongdoing in a scandal involving nearly $800 million in alleged bribes paid by Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht.  "Facing this difficult situation that unfairly makes me look guilty of acts in which I have not participated, I think it's in the country's best interest for me to resign the republic's presidency," he said.  "I don't want to become a barrier for our country to find its way to the unity and harmony that we so much need and which I was denied."  Kuczynski, 79, called himself a victim of "subjective political acts," accused opposition leaders of a witch hunt and said his resignation would shield his family and the nation from further "uncertainty."  Read More) = 1
((CNN) Myanmar's President Htin Kyaw, one of the most loyal allies of the country's leader Aung San Suu Kyi, has resigned due to ill health, the government said Wednesday.  Htin Kyaw, 71, was sworn in as Myanmar's official president in 2016 after Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) party won landmark elections.  During his two years in office he's essentially acted as a proxy for Suu Kyi, who is constitutionally barred from holding the presidency because her children are foreign nationals. A new position , State Counselor, was created to enable the long-time opposition politician to take a leading role in government.  Htin Kyaw's resignation comes as international pressure increases on Nobel Laureate Suu Kyi to do something to ease the suffering of the country's minority Rohingya population.  Almost 700,000 of the Muslim ethnic minority have crossed the Bangladesh border in the last six months, fleeing what the UN has described as a " textbook example of ethnic cleansing " by Myanmar troops.  The Myanmar military, which shares power with Suu Kyi, has denied the allegations, blaming the violence on members of the Rohingya militant group Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ASRA ).  JUST WATCHED Three Nobel Peace Laureates accuse Myanmar of genocide Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Three Nobel Peace Laureates accuse Myanmar of genocide 04:08  Long-time friend  A close friend and confidante of Suu Kyi, Htin Kyaw served as an executive officer for the Daw Khin Kyi Foundation, a charitable organization named after Suu Kyi's late mother. His father-in-law was also active in the establishment of the NLD.  He was one of a handful of people allowed to visit her while she was under house arrest, studied alongside her in England, and was close to her husband.  The economics graduate was elected in 1990 as a parliament executive of the NLD, and assumed the role of president after the party swept national elections, taking around 80% of the available seats, in November 2015.  Htin Kyaw was elected to the position of President by 360 votes, more than a third of the parliament's available 652 votes.) = 1
(Rachel Sklar is a New York-based writer and the co-founder of TheLi.st , a network for professional women. The views expressed here are solely hers.  (CNN) After the 2016 election, I was bewildered by many things. One of them was how 41% of millennials voted for Trump when they had been raised on Harry Potter.  I loved the Harry Potter books. I was well into adulthood by the time I read them (unabashedly in my law firm cafeteria, I might add), but I marveled at how effectively J.K. Rowling had illustrated the notion of moral courage. There were shades of gray, of course; a huge seven-volume series would have to have nuance (which is why Draco Malfoy made it through to the end).  But the big questions of right and wrong had firm bright lines, and made clear where a person should fall. A bad person was on Team Voldemort. A good person stood with Dumbledore's Army.  A year and a half later, I'm still bewildered by the election (oh come on, Russian meddling and gerrymandered voter districts and $130,000 payout to a porn actress haven't made anything any clearer), but I am no longer confused about Harry Potter. Turns out, he's been with us all along -- just ask the Parkland generation.  Time reporter Charlotte Alter made this astute observation on Saturday after the March for Our Lives. In a series of tweets , she noted that the Harry Potter story of rising up in resistance against takeover by an evil regime has become a blueprint for the Parkland student activists. "They're aided by a beloved principal & teachers. Gov officials are often useless," Alter notes. "They call Rick Scott 'Voldemort' ... @Emma4Change [Parkland activist Emma Gonzalez] compared this battle to the showdown between the Dumbledore's Army and the Death Eaters inside the ministry of magic."  Angela Vodola marched in New York on March 24. She used a Dumbledore quote on her sign because she is a big Harry Potter fan, according to her sister Mary Vodola.  Alter also notes a parallel between the student activists and student wizards: "Many of them pointed out that 'Expelliarmus,' the disarmament spell, is the go-to spell for Hogwarts kids. Disarmament is the #MarchforOurLives strategy, both literally and rhetorically."  As a loyal acolyte of Harry Potter, I get it (especially the Rick Scott comparison, if just for the uncanny resemblance to the smooth and serpentine movie version embodied by Ralph Fiennes). But the tweet that rang especially true referenced "Dumbledore's Army" -- the band of students at Hogwarts who came together in resistance to fight back against the encroaching evil of Voldemort -- and the craven, complicit adults who enabled it.  Sound familiar?  No doubt some adults are right now pooh-poohing the comparisons to Harry Potter, scoffing at children's books with fanciful names like Hufflepuff, Flitwick, Slughorn and Diggory. But they are missing the power in these stories, and their deep and pervasive effect on the generation who grew up on them.  The final Harry Potter book came out in 2007, which, for the first generation to consume Harry Potter, meant a seven-year wait for resolution after the return of Voldemort in "Goblet of Fire," which came out in 2000. But for kids who came of allowed-to-read-Harry Potter-age after 2007, those books were devoured early and, if memory serves, in one sitting ("Order of the Phoenix" got me through a full day at the DMV and passport office).  These were books that became points of reference with friends, that spawned movies played and replayed in Christmas-day marathons on ABC Family (and then, Freeform), that provided archetypes and role models (especially for every Hermione who ever frantically waved her hand, or every Neville Longbottom who screwed up the nerve to stand up to his friends). Its 4,224 pages created a universe that spawned a common shorthand that allows for the widespread references and nerdy in-jokes that have lent themselves particularly well to these times.  They were -- are -- books with quiet lessons about what it means to be invisible, about class and prejudice, about grief and loneliness and yearning (reading about Harry finding the Mirror of Erised in book one will always make me choke up). There were, of course, lessons about friendship, loyalty and truth (the books even inveighed against Fake News in the form of Rita Skeeter), and parents as real people who would defend their children and not apologize for swearing.  Jorge Meza marched in Atlanta on March 24. "I figured what better way to have an eye-catching sign than to reference the greatest series -- definitely got many people wanting to take pictures with it," he said.  These are rough lessons in the book, but they are far rougher to see unfolding in real life. At The Cut, Lisa Miller took a thoughtful look at the legacy of Harry Potter and other young adult fiction for the Parkland student activists, and this quote from 15-year-old Parkland survivor Anna Crean is telling: "We've grown up with teenagers in dystopian eras that have fixed everything and become the heroes of their city. Then they put us into a dystopian era in real life and they don't expect us to do anything? We can make a difference because that's what books and movies have told us since we were little."  Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook  The Harry Potter books are fiction. There are no wizards and witches among us. There's no such thing as Hogwarts or Diagon Alley, and King's Cross has no Platform 9 3/4. But the stories have meaning, and they map onto the real-life experiences of their readers, because that's what good stories do. We connect to them, see ourselves in them and learn from them.  And sometimes, these stories are also blueprints. So, if the students railing against mass shootings and the NRA and the spineless politicians who buy into its agenda want to use Harry Potter as their blueprint, well, they've got a great one.  And while life doesn't always imitate art, there's one tweet I look forward to someday seeing from @Emma4Change: " All is well ."  Correction: An earlier version of this piece misidentified Parkland student Emma Gonzalez as Emma Velazquez.) = 1
(Editor's note: Pepper Schwartz is professor of sociology at the University of Washington and the author of many books, the latest of which is "The Normal Bar." She is the love and relationship ambassador for AARP and writes the Naked Truth column for AARP.org. She is also a senior fellow at the Council on Contemporary Families, a nonprofit organization that gathers research on American families. The opinions in this commentary are solely those of the author.  (CNN) -- Some revolutions happen in a single day; others over decades. The rise of the voluntarily single woman has been happening in Western societies slowly, over time, concomitant with well-paying jobs, legal protection from economic or physical abuse, reliable birth control and the possibility of fulfilling careers and adventures.  Women are marrying at a later age these days, cohabiting with their partners or going in and out of short-term relationships without ever walking down the aisle.  Currently, 53% of women over 18 are in the singles column. Put another way, women now have choices that allow them to customize the arc of their lives and some of them find that it is best for them to put marriage aside.  Is this natural? Is this bad? Is this cause for alarm?  We have long counted on women's sacrifices and the compromises they've made to lift societies all over the world. We are worried that if women delay or forgo marriage, the all-important family unit will suffer.  As much as I admire happy couples and families, I think this may be one of the few times in history when so many women could choose from such a full range of life choices without penalty or stigma. Since few people "have it all," why not choose being single if that's the best option?  What it comes down to is people get married when it's a good deal. The question is why isn't marriage a good deal anymore? Here are some considerations.  1. A useless husband  If a woman is poor and only meets equally poor or poorer men, she's in a tough spot. It is no secret that many women do not choose to marry if the available partners will make their economic situation worse.  In some of these cases, even if a woman has a child, she may be better off with government help than a nonworking, noninvolved husband.  2. Success changes everything  When a woman is very privileged or highly successful, marriage could come very easily -- or not. Think of the likes of Elizabeth Taylor, who was married eight times. Or Oprah Winfrey, who for personal or professional reasons, is not married.  Moreover, a woman doesn't need a husband who is a high-powered corporate attorney if she is a high-powered corporate attorney. Taking advantage of economic and professional opportunities could be undermined by committing to a partner with an equally ambitious, or different, life agenda. This kind of woman may wake up every day to new and exciting challenges and think, "best to wait."  3. Unwilling to make traditional compromises  A woman who doesn't want to settle for cooking and cleaning and being the primary parent that society prefers. She is not meeting guys who want the kind of woman she is.  4. The marriage penalty tax  Some women are in an income bracket where marriage inflicts economic costs. She would have to pay more taxes if she marries someone who earns approximately what she makes or more.  5. Avoiding cheating men  A few years ago when I was in China, I had a conversation with some very beautiful female Chinese TV personalities about their personal life. I asked them why they were single and if they wanted to get married.  The three women all said they didn't want to marry because "the men of our class will all expect to have mistresses, and it is better not to marry than have to put up with that." I have no idea if this was an exaggeration or not -- but they believed it.  6. Waiting for the "one"  These women wait for the perfect guy, or the guy who they would fall in love with and love them back just as much. If that man doesn't come along, they prefer to go alone. As women get pickier, more factors enter into the marriage equation.  They may find someone who doesn't quite go the distance even after years of dating. They cohabit with someone and it doesn't work out. Singlehood, never intentional, becomes a fact. But they will not marry just to marry as their mothers or grandmothers might have.  In social psychology, there is a classic theory called "exchange theory." It is a bit cold-blooded, but it predicts that a person's actions will be based on trying to find a balance of give and get. Each person's resources -- of all kinds, including money, looks, background -- are traded back and forth for a "good deal." For example, a "good deal" scenario could be a woman who makes an excellent living pairing up with a man who is a writer and is willing to work at home and be the primary child care person.  When women's life choices were highly constrained, they had little negotiating power. They had to marry or were seen as damaged. A few got away with being "free spirits" but usually they were exceptional in wealth or lineage -- and even so, it wasn't easy.  It's different now. While most women still want marriage, they don't want it at just any price. They don't want it if it scuttles their dreams. Marriage is not dead -- not by a long shot. It is still, to most of us, the house we wish to build for our love, our lover and our children.  But women want to craft a life instead of having it pressed upon them. And that means some of us will be single for a long time, and some of us will be single for life.  Read CNNOpinion's new Flipboard magazine  Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion.  Join us on Facebook.com/CNNOpinion) = 1
(The United States and South Korea have reached agreement in principle on a new trade pact and details will be released soon, the White House said on Tuesday.  We have come to an agreement in principle and we expect to roll out specific details on that very soon, White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders told a briefing.  Her comments were the Trump administrations first confirmation that the two sides had reached an agreement in trade talks covering revisions to the U.S. South Korean Trade Agreement (KORUS) and a South Korean exemption from new U.S. metals tariffs.  Read more) = 0
(After 8-year-old Fore Putnams dad Trae was diagnosed with a severe kidney disease, Fore reached out to the only people he thought could help: Santa Claus, Ivanka Trump and her father President Donald Trump.  As explained in a flyer created by Fores grandma, Trae is 38 years old and has been on dialysis for almost 3 years. He had a rare blood disease that put him in total renal failure and is on a waiting list for a kidney.  With his grandmas help, Fore wrote a letter and received a response from the 45th US president this week.  The president pledged his support to Fore and Traes plight.  Trump wrote:  Thank you for sharing your story with me. I am so sorry to hear that your dad is going through a difficult time. It is clear that you care so much for him. I have shared your letter with my staff, and they are working to see what help they can provide. I can tell that you are a brave young man with a big heart. I admire your determination to make sure your dad has the support and resources he needs to feel better. I hope you know how much joy and encouragement you already bring to him. Mrs. Trump and I will keep you and your dad in our thoughts and prayers.  Follow @AdanSalazarWins  Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/adan.salazar.735) = 0
(WASHINGTON, D.C.  With the disclosure that the Facebook App can listen to what people are discussing in their own homes, the pressure for serious violations of privacy is intensifying.  The non-profit citizen group Free Our Internet has announced a live town hall event, Masters of the Universe  Big Tech vs. Free Speech and Privacy, to take place on April 5th, in New Orleans, Louisiana.  The event will be live streamed on Breitbart and Facebook.  The sponsor, Free Our Internet, is a non-profit organization that advocates for free speech and online freedoms for all Internet users across the United States.  Free Our Internet founder and Executive Director Christie-Lee McNally said, Big Silicon Valley monopolies like Google and Facebook are tracking consumers every move; they are abusing and selling our personal information without our express consent, and they are controlling what we can see online by deciding what is and what isnt fake news.  McNally continued, These companies are out of control and accountable to no one. Free our Internet is proud to partner with Breitbart for a serious discussion of these issues and to raise awareness around one the biggest threats to democracy today.  The town hall will be moderated by Breitbart News Editor-in-Chief Alex Marlow, and will feature a panel of Americas leading minds in politics, technology and media, including:  Ann Coulter, political commentator, author, syndicated columnist, and lawyer  Peter Schweizer, president of the Government Accountability Institute and best-selling author of Clinton Cash and the newly-issued Secret Empires  Robert Epstein, a senior research psychologist at the American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology  The panel will discuss anti-consumer practices by big internet monopolies like Google and Facebook, and the effects of these practices on free speech, consumer privacy, and competition.  Big tech is the biggest threat to free speech at this moment in time, and there is no fiercer advocate for the first amendment than Breitbart News, said Alex Marlow, Editor-in-Chief of Breitbart.  Never has so much power been concentrated in the hands of so few people, and Silicon Valley elite have, thus far, been able to operate with virtually zero transparency, Marlow stressed. The Masters of the Universe are unfathomably influential, secretive, and they are surveilling all of us right now, stockpiling our data for their own purposes. Its time we broaden the discussion.) = 0
(I support the Parkland students. And so should you.  Watch the video to find out why.  Please share this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJNdKI3KB6k  SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:  Follow on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet  Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71  *********************  Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.) = 0
(Stocks closed sharply higher on Monday, bouncing back from strong losses in the previous session as trade tensions between the U.S. and China appeared to ease.  The Dow Jones industrial average surged 669.40 points to 24,202.60, with Microsoft as the best-performing stock in the index. The Dow also had its biggest one-day percentage gain since August 2015. The S&P 500 gained 2.7 percent to close at 2,658.55  bounce off its 200-day moving average with technology and financials leading all sectors higher. The Nasdaq composite advanced 3.3 percent to 7,220.54 with Apple and Amazon both rising.  Financials rose sharply, with the Financial Select Sector SPDR S&P Fund (XLF) up 3.3 percent. The XLF posted its biggest one-day gain since November 2016.  Read more) = 0
(Alex Jones issues a special emergency broadcast to show the plan by the leftist authoritarians who want to take our guns.) = 0
(Alex Jones presents video footage of Mark Zuckerberg being interviewed on BBC in 2009 where he boldly claims that he would never sell Facebook users data, which he most definitely did.) = 0
(WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange lost his internet access and visitor privileges Wednesday at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London.  In a statement from the Ecuadorian government, Assange is accused of breaching a written commitment signed at the end of 2017 concerning interference with other nations.  The Government of Ecuador warns that the behavior of Assange, with its messages through social networks, puts at risk the good relations that the country maintains with the United Kingdom, with the rest of the States of the European Union and other nations, a translated section of the announcement says.  COMUNICADO OFICIAL | El Gobierno de Ecuador suspende las comunicaciones de @JulianAssange. pic.twitter.com/sr4kArFSxw  Comunicacin Ecuador (@ComunicacionEc) March 28, 2018  The statement, which claims the action is intended to prevent potential damage, does not detail how long Assanges privileges will be revoked.  The Executive also maintains open the way to the adoption of new measures before the breach of the commitment by Assange, the statement adds.  Neither WikiLeaks or Assange have commented on the incident thus far.  Ecuador took similar action by severing Assanges internet access in 2016 after WikiLeaks began publishing documents related to the 2016 election.  The Government of Ecuador respects the principle of non-intervention in the internal affairs of other states, a statement at the time said. It does not interfere in external electoral processes, nor does it favor any particular candidate.  The Ecuadorian government, which granted Assange a passport in December of last year, has called on the international community to remediate the untenable situation.  Got a tip? Contact Mikael securely: keybase.io/mikaelthalen  Follow @MikaelThalen) = 0
(The leader of a Hollywood-based sex cult who was arrested Monday is linked to the Clintons and high-ranking Democrats, according to reports.  Keith Raniere, co-founder of the controversial self help group NXIVM, was arrested in Mexico for sex trafficking and forced labor conspiracy, according to authorities.  Raniere allegedly brainwashed women to be his slaves, branding them with this initials, subjecting them to menial chores, and coercing them into sex.  Investigators said that Raniere preferred exceptionally thin women, so slaves had to stick to very low-calorie diets and document every food they ate, CBS reported.  As punishment for not following orders, women were forced to attend classes where they were forced to wear fake cow udders over their breasts while people called them derogatory names, or threatened with being put in cages, court papers say.  Unsurprisingly, reports from 2007 have emerged showing Raniere has connections to the Clintons.  Executives and top associates of the Albany-based NXIVM group  along with their family members  donated $29,900 to Clintons presidential campaign, according to federal records, reported Charles Hurt.  Predictably, the 2008 Clinton campaign pushed back against the reports.  Over 100,000 people from across the country have contributed to Sen. Clintons campaign for change, and regardless of who supports her, she will always continue to stand up for what she feels is right, campaign spokesman Blake Zeff told the Post at the time.  Additionally, further reports allege Senator Kirsten Gillibrands (D-NY) father also has ties to the sex cult.  Raniere hired Rutnik as a lobbyist in 2004, only to later sue him, the New York Post reported. Rutnik settled the case for $100,000.  A spokesman for Gillibrand responded to the reports, stating that she had never heard of this group until she recently read about them in the newspaper.  She is glad that federal and state prosecutors have taken action in this case, he added.  But Gillibrands rival, GOP candidate Chele Farley, doesnt buy her statement.  For Kirsten Gillibrand, the self-proclaimed #MeToo Senator, to claim ignorance about a notorious sex-slave cult, in her own backyard, is simply hard to believe, Farley said.  Interestingly, NXIVM member and actress Allison Mack tweeted out a photograph of infamous Spirit Cooking artist Marina Abromovic in January  the same Abromovic with whom Clinton campaign manager John Podesta attended the bizarre ceremonies.  Is there such a thing as coincidence?  When it comes to the Clintons, dont bet on it.  Twitter: Follow @WhiteIsTheFury) = 0
(Paul Joseph Watson joins Alex Jones live via Skype to break down how recent polling suggests the Republicans will win during midterm elections because of the Democrats weak policies.) = 0
(Supercharge your mind AND secure healthy aging today with our new Infowars Life Neuro Combo Pack! We've brought together two of our most advanced proprietary formulas to bring you the very best combo pack to date. Rise above the toxins in the outside world and fight for truth in the Infowar by boosting your mind and using powerful nootropics. *  With Brain Force Plus and The Real Red Pill from Infowars Life, you can build on the true ultimate building blocks of pregnanolones for your body while securing your state of mind. With this combo, you can break through the lies of the Main Stream Media and fight back against the toxins in the food and water supply with advanced neural activation. *  If you're looking to secure some of the most advanced neural activation formulas, you've come to the right place - our team of researchers, scientists and physicians worked hard to create incredible formulas that help you reach your peak. So pick up a pack now and spread the truth of the Infowar while benefiting your mind and body with the Infowars Life Neuro Combo Pack today!  Take the Real Red Pill and youll see what youve been missing!  The Real Red Pill is a one of a kind, all new heart and brain formula designed specifically and exclusively for Infowars Life. A formula so advanced, no other product on the market even comes close. We are the only ones with a formula with this much science behind it, over one million peer reviewed scientific articles have been published about the ingredients used in this formula  Five reasons you need the Real Red Pill  Support optimal cognitive function * Support optimal heart health * Support healthy aging * Replenish essential and trace minerals * Support healthy hormone balance *  Why you need Pregnenolone  The main ingredient here is Pregnenolone, is a little known neurosteroid with so much potential and science behind it. Pregnenolone levels decrease with age, studies have shown that levels can decline by as much as 60% between the ages of 20 and 75. Without these essential building blocks, your body lacks what it needs to function at optimal levels. Studies have shown that low levels of pregnenolone are associated with fatigue, low brain function, and unhealthy aging.*  Although its called a neurosteroid, its actually totally safe. Pregnenolone is Generally Regarded as Safe in the U.S. and allowed for all athletes internationally by the World Anti-Doping Agency.  The Real Red Pills Other Ingredients  The Real Red Pill also provides essential trace minerals and B vitamins that all are required for optimal cognitive function and heart health. These vitamins and minerals work synergistically with pregnenolone to deliver results that you will have to experience for yourself to believe.  This is a one of a kind product, based on state of the art science. Support the heart, support the brain, and support healthy aging. Try the Real Red Pill today and see what its all about.*  The All-New Supercharged Brain Force PLUS: Because There's A War On For Your Mind!  Top scientists and researchers agree: we are being hit by toxic weapons in the food and water supply that are making us fat, sick, and stupid.  It's time to fight back with Brain Force PLUS from Infowars and Infowars Life, the next generation of advanced neural activation and nootropics. This all-new enhanced formulation not only contains 20% more capsules per bottle, but has been enhanced for maximum potency and even contains a brand new ingredient called Black Pepper Fruit Extract for an added kick.*  Brain Force has been an absolute favorite among thousands of listeners, with hundreds of 5-star reviews coming in from certified third party review sites. Now, with Brain Force PLUS, we have gone the extra level. This is what I take before a hard-hitting show. I absolutely love it, and the crew does too. This stuff is over the top powerful! - Alex Jones    The Powerful Ingredients Behind Brain Force PLUS:  Bacopa Herb Extract: Traditionally used as an important neurological tonic and cognitive enhancer in Ayruvedic medicine.  Alpha-GPC: A natural compound found in the brain that delivers choline, a water-soluble essential nutrient, across the brain barrier.  Yerba Mate Leaf Powder: Containing natural amounts of caffeine, yerba mate is also loaded with polyphenols like quercetin, as well as potassium, magnesium, and manganese.  Phosphatidylserine: An important chemical that is responsible for a number of important functions within the body, phosphatidylserine is particularly known for its maintenance of cell structure in the brain.  L-Theanine: An amino acid that is one of the key constituents of green tea, l-theanine helps transmit nerve impulses in the brain.  Vitamin B12: Vitamin B-12 promotes energy production through supporting the body's natural processes of the adrenal glands, red blood cell formation, and many others.  Black Pepper Fruit Extract: taken from the Piper nigrum fruit, black pepper has been used since antiquity as a form of traditional medicine, and was chosen by our chemists to give Brain Force PLUS an extra kick.  It has taken over a year to develop and procure the all-new Brain Force PLUS formula, with the Infowars Crew and the scientists behind Infowars Life field testing hundreds of different options before choosing the undisputed winning formula that would go on to become Brain Force PLUS.  Now is the time to secure your bottle and flip the switch for yourself. Supercharge your state of mind with Brain Force PLUS, and see for yourself why the Infowars Crew is powered by this key formula.*  * These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. If you are pregnant, nursing, taking medication, or have a medical condition, consult your physician before using this product.  Supplement & Food Product Disclaimer: Infowars thanks you for your support of the operation. As always, we offer what we have researched and believe to be the highest quality selection of products for you and your family that have been developed along with the advisory of top doctors and experts. It is important to do your own research and consult with a qualified healthcare provider or doctor to decide what is best for you. We also know that everyone's bodies are different, and it is essential to consult with a qualified health care professional before taking products offered on this website. The information on this website is not intended to replace a one-on-one relationship with a doctor or qualified health care professional and is not intended as medical advice. And by purchasing any item from this store, you agree to these terms and conditions as well as understand that by using these products you are agreeing to abide by this contract. Infowars Life is not held responsible for the irresponsible use of this product.) = 0
(A Sharia court in Pakistan has demanded that a rapists sister be raped as punishment.  Would anyone in Western culture think this is justice?  Why then, do feminists say its OK to murder a baby if the father is a rapist?) = 0
(Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin is optimistic a trade agreement will be negotiated with China.  Mnuchin was asked on Fox News Sunday whether announced tariffs on the Asian country will be implemented.  We are going to proceed with our tariffs. We are working on that. Were also working on investment restrictions, but were simultaneously having negotiations with the Chinese to see if we can reach an agreement, Mnuchin said. Were having very productive conversations with them. Im cautiously hopeful well reach an agreement, but if not we are proceeding with these tariffs. We are not putting them on hold unless we have an acceptable agreement that the president signs off on.  Read more) = 0
(The New York Times waited twelve paragraphs before informing their readers that the principal suspect behind the gruesome murder of an 85-year-old Jewish woman last week in Paris is of North African origin.  From The New York Times, She Survived the Holocaust, to Die in a 2018 Hate Crime:  PARIS  An 85-year-old woman who as a child narrowly escaped Frances most notorious wartime roundup of Jews has been murdered in Paris, and the authorities are calling it a hate crime.  The body of the woman, Mireille Knoll, was found on Friday in her apartment in the citys working-class 11th Arrondissement. She had been stabbed to death, and her body was partly burned after her attackers apparently tried to set fire to the apartment.  The Paris prosecutors office said on Monday that Ms. Knoll had been killed because of the membership, real or supposed, of the victim of a particular religion  a roundabout way of saying she was killed because she was Jewish.  Ms. Knoll was a child in Paris when, in the summer of 1942, the French police, cooperating with the Germans, rounded up thousands of the citys Jews, stuffing them into a cycling stadium, the Vlodrome dHiver. Virtually all were subsequently murdered at Auschwitz.  Ms. Knolls mother, summoned to the stadium like other Parisian Jews, was able to escape at the last minute with her daughter because she had a Brazilian passport, said Meyer Habib, a member of Parliament who has spoken with one of Ms. Knolls sons.  Francis Kalifat, the head of the Representative Council of Jewish Institutions of France, said: This makes one feel something absolutely terrible. She escaped the anti-Semitism of the Nazis, but in the end her destiny followed her because she was killed because of anti-Semitism.  Interior Minister Grard Collomb said that to attack a Jew is to attack France, and the values that are the very basis of the nation.  A number of anti-Semitic episodes have shaken France, including the murder last year of Sarah Halimi, an elderly Jewish woman, by a man of Malian origin who shouted, God is great before throwing her out a window.) = 0
(Cambridge Analytica whistleblower Christoper Wylie, appearing before a committee of British MPs on Tuesday, said that Facebook has the ability to spy on users in their homes and offices.  The British parliament is investigating Cambridge Analyticas involvement in the Brexit election. MP Damian Collins, who chaired the committee, asked Wylie whether Facebook has the ability to listen to what people are talking about in order to better target them with ads.  Theres been various speculation about the fact that Facebook can, through the Facebook app on your smartphone, listen in to what people are talking about and discussing and using that to prioritize the advertising as well, Collins said. Other people would say, no, they dont think its possible. Its just that the Facebook system is just so good at predicting what youre interested in that it can guess. He asked for Wylies thoughts on the possibility.  On a comment about using audio and processing audio, you can use it for, my understanding generally of how companies use it not just Facebook, but generally other apps that pull audio, is for environmental context, Wylie said. So if, for example, you have a television playing versus if youre in a busy place with a lot of people talking versus a work environment. He clarified, Its not to say theyre listening to what youre saying. Its not natural language processing. That would be hard to scale. But to understand the environmental context of where you are to improve the contextual value of the ad itself is possible.  Wylie continued: Theres audio that could be useful just in terms of are you in an office environment, are you outside, are you watching TV?  Read more) = 0
(The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) is the latest left-wing organization to lambast the Commerce Departments decision to begin asking United States residents on the 2020 Census if they are American citizens.  This week, President Trumps administration announced in a historic decision that it would put the citizenship question back on the U.S. Census  a question that has not been included since 1950  a move that will provide Americans with more accurate data on unemployment, the number of citizens in the country, and a better look into the foreign-born population.  The open borders lobby, though, is blasting the decision, as it threatens states with large illegal alien populations like California, New York, and Florida. Those states are at risk of losing congressional seats if redistricting is based upon counting citizens rather than the current model, which counts all residents, including illegal aliens.  CAIR  an organization that has repeatedly defended suspected terrorists  says that merely asking U.S. residents if they are citizens is a white supremacist agenda. The organization wrote in a statement, This is yet another political move by the Trump administration to implement its white supremacist agenda and to drag our nation back to the false white paradise of the 1950s.  Read more) = 0
(Planned Parenthood argued in support of new Disney characters Tuesday including a princess whos had an abortion.  In a statement on Twitter, the Planned Parenthood Keystone account called on the animation company to expose children to numerous left-leaning themes.  The tweet, which received only 40 retweets, was deleted shortly after as both supporters and opponents of the organization voiced their concerns.  Disney princesses are for CHILDREN and these are adult issues. Jesus, one supporter said. This far-out crap is why we got stuck with Donald Trump.  Disney princesses are for CHILDREN and these are adult issues. Jesus. This far-out crap is why we got stuck with Donald Trump.   Heather (@704heather) March 27, 2018  Another pro-choice Twitter user agreed, describing Planned Parenthoods tweet as extreme.  Exactly. They have no idea how extreme this sounds (and yes, I'm pro-choice).  Kinsey Holley (@kinseyholley) March 27, 2018  Others likewise pushed back against the groups demand prior to the tweet being deleted.  Agreed! It's really screwed up. Kids need time to be kids, they will be bitter, overwhelmed adults too soon as it is.  J.K. Riki (@JK_Riki) March 27, 2018  Those opposed to Planned Parenthood also weighed in, both mocking and criticizing the political tweet.  We need a Disney princess who uses her royal authority to defund you stupid a**holes, the Daily Wires Ben Shapiro said.  We need a Disney princess who uses her royal authority to defund you stupid a**holes https://t.co/957a8YQAly  Ben Shapiro (@benshapiro) March 27, 2018  A trans princess who is an illegal immigrant union worker who has had an abortion. Kids will love it! another joked.  A trans princess who is an illegal immigrant union worker who has had an abortion. Kids will love it! https://t.co/T9y01ykrpD  Lauren Southern Poverty Law Center (@martian_munk) March 27, 2018  So if the left has their way we'll have a Disney princess who transitioned from female to male after jumping the border wall to get an abortion and then stole someone's identity and joined a plumbers union. It would win every award. https://t.co/qPmfkTcNf7  Pflameslinger (@pflameslinger) March 27, 2018  Twitter users quickly turned the tweet into a meme, offering up suggestions on what kind of Disney princesses are needed.  we need a disney princess who's a gun owner we need a disney princess who pays taxes we need a disney princess who attends cpac we need a disney princess who destroys keurigs  Alex Griswold (@HashtagGriswold) March 27, 2018  we need a disney princess who is into cuckolding  'Jib (@Jibsuke) March 27, 2018  PP is too narrow minded, can we please get a Disney Princess that will bash-some-fascist, abort babies AND sell their parts, forcefully confiscate guns, shut down free speech by arresting comics, and open the Kingdom's borders to religiously backed rape gangs?  Captain Bastiat (@capnbastiatslaw) March 27, 2018  We need a Disney Princess with osteoporosis.  We need a Disney Princess with osteoporosis.  We need a Disney Princess with osteoporosis.  We need a Disney Princess with osteoporosis.  We need a Disney Princess with osteoporosis.  We need a Disney Princess with osteoporosis.  Hannah Carberry  (@HannahsBananas6) March 27, 2018  We need a conservative disney princess. We need a pro life disney princess. We need a disney princess who has her concealed carry permit. We need a free market disney princess. We need a patriotic disney princess.  Cameron Wallace (@cam_wallaceee) March 27, 2018  we need a Disney princess who's a small town girl  we need a Disney princess who's living in a lonely world  we need a Disney princess who took the midnight train going anywhere  Evan Schrage (@EvanSchrage) March 27, 2018  We need a Disney princess who experienced the horrors of war in 'Nam and now spends her days rocking back and forth on her porch, blankly staring into the distance.  James (@gearsofthebeast) March 27, 2018  As of publication, Planned Parenthood has not commented on the deleted tweet.  What type of Disney princess do you think we need? Sound off in the comments below!) = 0
(A 7th grade student in North Carolina was suspended for drawing a stick figure armed with a gun.  In what sounds like a satirical story from The Onion, Roseboro Salemburg Middle School suspended a 13-year-old boy two weeks ago for nothing more than a few harmless doodles.  The students father, James Ray Herring Jr., says there was nothing wrong with the drawings, one of which was a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle.  I see a guy in a race car souped-up. I see a tower that he built. I see him holding his gun, hes a deer hunter. I see him with a magician and I see him as a Ninja Turtle, Herring said. (Hes) just expressing himself, nothing violent.  Herring said his son hunts, but added that all firearms are safely stored at home.  I can see if he had it where he was blowing up people, had some hate words or something like that, but that picture is totally innocent, added Herring.  The schools superintendent, on the other hand, argued the drawings could have met one of the schools threat categories, and cited the current anti-gun culture for the decision.  There are some things that list possible threats or things like that. We have categories  category one, two, three and four  which sort of grades potential incidents and the level of seriousness, said Sampson County Superintendent Eric Bracy.  Due to everything happening in the nation, were just being extra vigilant about all issues of safety, Bracy explained.  Herrings father says the punishment was too severe for something thats normal for kids to do.  They could have at least given him a warning and said dont draw that picture, he told The Sampson Independent. My son is a very loving son. My son cried for two days because of this. Every day he would say all of my friends are at school and Im here.  Herring also defended law-abiding gun owners, explaining firearms are common in Sampson County.  Every other truck you see has a rifle in the back window, but does that [make] them bad people? Thats my point. Guns are not bad. Its the idiots that have guns and do the damage, he told The Independent.  The seventh grader has returned to class, but Herring has scheduled a meeting with the school board to appeal the suspension.  He also says his son made the drawings prior to the Parkland High School shooting last February, reports WRAL.  Superintendent Bracy warned parents the incident should teach them to watch what their children do more closely.  Follow @AdanSalazarWins  Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/adan.salazar.735) = 0
(Francho Bradley and his common-law wife Adrianne Jennings were arrested in Boston on Saturday on weapons charges after authorities found a stash of rifles, grenades, and handguns in their hotel room. Bradley says he was on a secret mission for the government and says he owns a company that sells communications equipment to the military.  The cache of weapons was found on the day of the March For Our Lives protest. According to The Daily Mail, in Bradleys room and car, police found five assault rifles, a shotgun, a revolver and a pistol. They also found hundreds of rounds of ammunition, scopes, bump stocks, walkie-talkies, helmets, and grenades. My suspicions grew that he may be surveilling the area. There was a major demonstration, March for Our Lives, in Boston that day, Detective Patrick Connor  Police also found three parking tickets from Cambridge, a mile from the Boston Common where Saturdays protest took place. Bradley received the tickets on the three consecutive days before Saturdays mass protest.  When he was questioned, Bradley told authorities that he was on a secret government mission, but wouldnt say what the mission was. He claimed he was sent to work on some kind of virus. Robert Normandin, who represented Bradley at arraignment, said his client is an Army veteran and that Enysma Engineering sells accessories such as communication devices to the military and other clients.  BREAKING: Texas man found with large weapons cache in Massachusetts says he was on a "classified government mission" & called the police on himself after he thought someone was trying to break into his hotel room. FYI his company sells communications devices to the US Military pic.twitter.com/ugAoHmTfYz  Mike Tokes (@MikeTokes) March 28, 2018  Normandin said the weapons and accessories were props that Bradley uses while conducting that business and none of them were functional, although he didnt know for sure if any were actually functional or not.  The officers who arrested the pair said they both changed their stories several times and at one stage during interviews, Bradley claimed he had worked for the LAPD and had knowledge about the O.J. Simpson case. He also allegedly claimed to have worked on the Obama campaign and for the German government.  At 3:41 pm, as the protest was coming to an end, Bradley called the police saying his feed was interrupted. He said he has a gun in his room at the hotel and was worried it would end up in the wrong hands. When the officers arrived at Bradleys hotel room, they encountered an even stranger sight.  No one was in the room but the officers spotted what they thought was a green duffel bag with several long guns sticking out of it. It was, in fact, a flight suit which had been rolled up to contain the weapons. It was placed deliberately in the middle of the room as if it was left there for the police to find it.  Among the items found, was a DOD (Department of Defense) concealed carry badge, a Texas license to carry, and a press pass, according to The Daily Mail. His Texas license to carry is valid.  Bradley and Jennings have separate addresses as well. Bradleys is listed as a four bedroom home worth $322,000 and Jennings is a five-bedroom property worth $430,000.  Police are continuing the investigation, and this one keeps getting more and more confusing.) = 0
(Alex Jones delivers an emergency message to the American people as the globalists openly come after the Second Amendment.) = 0
(China said on Wednesday it won a pledge from North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to denuclearize the Korean peninsula during a meeting with President Xi Jinping, who pledged in return that China would uphold its friendship with its isolated neighbor.  After two days of speculation, China announced on Wednesday that Kim had visited Beijing and met Xi during what the official Xinhua news agency called an unofficial visit from Sunday to Wednesday.  The trip was Kims first known journey abroad since he assumed power in 2011 and is believed by analysts to serve as preparation for upcoming summits with South Korea and the United States.  Beijing has traditionally been the closest ally of secretive North Korea, but ties have been frayed by North Koreas pursuit of nuclear weapons and Chinas backing of tough U.N. sanctions in response.  Read more) = 0
(Actor Jim Carrey tweeted out more grotesque artwork on Wednesday, this time depicting President Trumps sons being gored to death by an elephant.  #TeamElephant, Carrey captioned with the painting.  Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump are both avid game hunters, and pictures of Trump Jr. game hunting in 2011 have drawn criticism from animal rights groups.  The former comedian has targeted not just Trump, but anybody close to him, such as White House press secretary Sarah Sanders and son-in-law Jared Kushner.  This is the portrait of a so-called Christian whose only purpose in life is to lie for the wicked. Monstrous! pic.twitter.com/MeYLTy1pqb  Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) March 17, 2018  The Dumb and Dumber actor clearly doesnt shy away from shock value, with one of the most recent showing the president and porn star Stormy Daniels having relations in a hotel room.  Fifty Shades of Decay pic.twitter.com/aurfm22ru6  Jim Carrey (@JimCarrey) March 23, 2018  Or Trump golfing over childrens corpses.) = 0
(The wealth of the American people is being siphoned off to support foreigners at unprecedented rates.) = 0
() = 0
(Democrat legislation calls for mandatory gun confiscation, saying they shall seize and take possession of any assault weapons and large capacity magazines, armor piercing bullets or 50 caliber bullets.) = 0
(Gerald Celente joins Infowars to host the fourth hour and explain how we shouldnt be worried about tariffs or trade, but instead, we should be watching worldwide interest rates.) = 0
(Get Informed  Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars crew.) = 0
(Despite constant MSM wailing to the opposite, the fact is that Trump has been tougher on Russia than his predecessor.) = 0
(The CLOUD Act was slipped into the omnibus bill at the last minute to give legal cover to more unconstitutional government searches.  Eric Schimdt of Google says you have nothing to worry about if youre not doing anything wrong, so do parents have anything to worry about when a dentist threatens to accuse them of child neglect if they dont bring in their kids for a checkup?) = 0
(Following a weekend of anti-gun marches replete with people holding signs and placards calling for the repeal of the Second Amendment, and following a call by retired Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens to repeal the Second Amendment, CNNs Chris Cuomo has raised ire by claiming that no one is calling for the repeal of the Second Amendment.  According to Cuomo, its a big bogeyman that the right is using to taint the debate and prevent measures being introduced that could stop mass shootings from happening.  Cuomo was tagged in this tweet:  @ChrisCuomo lets face it. Far right want abortion stopped and far left want guns banned and 2nd amendment repealed. If media did their job and put aside their bias they would be able to do their jobs and ask the vital questions.  Gwen S (@GwenS67575475) March 28, 2018  Which led to this response:  this is a lot of bunk. no one calling for 2A repeal. stop with the bogeymen. we need to stop the shootings and have a rational conversation about what can be done. https://t.co/P2MYoY4EtO  Christopher C. Cuomo (@ChrisCuomo) March 28, 2018  That opened the flood gates:  "no one calling for 2A repeal" (It's Always Sunny music) "John Paul Stevens Calls for Repeal of Second Amendment"https://t.co/J9L7C4rkfM  David Rutz (@DavidRutz) March 28, 2018  Really? Did you miss the huge NYTimes editorial from the former supreme court justice yesterday?? The second editorial in Times since Parkland calling for ending 2A.  Kevin Fortier (@ksfortier) March 28, 2018  Somebody doesnt read the New York Times. https://t.co/ssZg5NpyAB  Sam Valley (@SamValley) March 28, 2018  I see you're not a reader. https://t.co/NWRP3JIeBD  Azathoth (@ArkhamRealty) March 28, 2018  Hey Chrisdo you watch CNN? I realize very few people do but if you had glanced at your TV you would have noticed that many people are calling for a repeal of the 2nd Amendment.  J Gerry (@IslandKing63) March 28, 2018  Your either completely ignorant or purposely lying if you legitimately believe no-ones Calling for repeal. Its all over social media. Plenty of left leaning media sites have contributors calling for it. Why lie about something so easily disproved?  DE (@eldond) March 28, 2018  One Twitter user was momentarily confused:  Not sure how someone who works for CNN can be so unaware.  Keith Maniac from Guatemala (@CutItOutPutin) March 28, 2018  But wait. Cuomo did read what Justice John Paul Stevens wrote, it just doesnt really count because hes old and retired.  he is a retired justice who was talking about ways to get quick legal change on access to weapons. he is not an elected official or part of any effort to repeal 2A. it is a bogeyman to keep people scared and as such resistant to ways to stop the shootings. https://t.co/GpHXVwjcjf  Christopher C. Cuomo (@ChrisCuomo) March 28, 2018  BREAKING: Justice John Paul Stevens is a "no one."  Andy Oliver (@A_O_Andy) March 28, 2018  Hes a former Supreme on the pages of the NYT. This is not a bogeyman. Its not a fantasy. One of the more admirable things about this round of gun-control debate is peoples willingness to be honest on this front. Lets not close our eyes to it.  Mary Katharine Ham (@mkhammer) March 28, 2018  Others piled on with the calls for repealing the Second Amendment:  "The Second Amendment must be repealed, and it is the essence of American democracy to say so."https://t.co/Y6fQE7GH18 https://t.co/4sk1boKQma  Drew McCoy (@_Drew_McCoy_) March 28, 2018  Were just been paranoid pic.twitter.com/ZQpAJchPyp  _()_/  fully semi auto and grossly offensive (@beerboyeee) March 28, 2018  Yep, no one pic.twitter.com/8yXVe8v6tn  _()_/  fully semi auto and grossly offensive (@beerboyeee) March 28, 2018  There are dozens of articles in high-profile left-wing publications calling for the repeal of the Second Amendment. Thousands of tweets. "Repeal the Second Amendment" was trending on Twitter yesterday. Scream, "BANANA! BANANA! BANANA!" all you want, Chris. It's still an apple. https://t.co/bQvx0Gu3tc  Eric Spencer (@JustEric) March 28, 2018  Bro, hes not the only one calling to ban guns there was a march you all had a boner for https://t.co/T5gK8OOsc0  Mujahed Kobbe (@Moj_kobe) March 28, 2018  It is plain to see that, as pro-gun groups say, there is a legitimate concern that giving an inch on gun laws would lead to anti-gun activists taking a mile.  How can one have a rational debate about preventing school shootings when every single time a horde of screeching leftists jump into it demanding the repeal of the Second Amendment, and then simultaneously claiming that is not what they are suggesting?  There is no rationality there at all.) = 0
(Infowars Life Survival Shield X-2 Is Available For You And Your Family!  2-Pack | 5-Pack | 10-Pack      Leading the charge in super high quality nascent iodine, the new Infowars Life Survival Shield X-2 will help boost your health beyond expectations. *    A Stronger Formula From 7,000 Feet Below The Surface    Derived from ancient sea salts found more than 7,000 feet below the Earth's surface, the evolution of Survival Shield is here and much stronger than our original formula.* Every drop contains 650 micrograms to keep you in prime form.  Feel the relief and strength of the next step in proprietary nascent iodine, developed using our Thermodynamic Pressure Sensitive High Energy Sound Pulse Nano-Emulsion Technology that allows for a highly unique and powerful nascent iodine that is both concentrated, and free of unwanted additives and genetically modified ingredients to make sure that your organic nascent iodine supplements are the best for your body. During our quality control phase, we screen for any harmful additives - even up to radiation.*    The Top 5 Reasons You Need Nascent Iodine    Iodine is an essential mineral that supports thyroid health and well-being for the body. *  Nascent iodine may support healthy iodine levels to supercharge cognitive functions. *  Nascent iodine may support healthy hormone levels to stabilize your vitality. *  Nascent iodine may be involved in maintaining healthy metabolism to keep you going as long as necessary.* Supplementing with pure nascent iodine may help your body reach optimal iodine levels so you don't have to reach it from impure sources.*    Survival Shield X-2 Quality    Survival Shield X-2 is manufactured in a state-licensed facility that meets federal regulatory standards, is cGMP/HACCP-compliant, and lab grade. Raw elemental iodine is a controlled substance both at a State and Federal level, and Survival Shield X-2 meets all requirements in controlling it. The licensing, approvals and regulatory documentary procedures are exacting and costly, but worth it for our consumers.    Bound forms of iodine must first be separated, clarified and purified from other binding components or impurities into a USP-grade (United States Pharmaceutical), mono-elemental iodine as certified USP resublimated iodine crystals. In this purified crystal form, iodine is a highly reactive and toxic substance. However, when the purified USP iodine crystals are subjected to a proprietary process it becomes nano-colloidalized and transforms into a form of elemental nascent iodine, also referred to as monoatomic iodine, without the addition of iodides!    Shocking Statistics About Iodine    According to the World Health Organization's Department o f Nutrition for Health and Development, iodine deficiency is a public health problem in 54 countries where impure iodine sources are plentiful.  The CDC states that iodine deficiency is one of the four major deficiency diseases in the world (Thankfully, it is easily corrected).  The 2013 USGS iodine commodity summary warns that there are no comparable substitutes for iodine that will match it's benefits.  Information published by UNICEF notes that iodine deficiency is the most avoidable cause of stunted physical and intellectual development.  What Are The Health Benefits Of Nascent Iodine?    Proper iodine levels may provide support for normal response to environmental and dietary toxins to keep your body clean and moving.*  Supports thyroid health to regulate hormone production and vitality.*  May support breast milk production and quality for new mothers.*  Why Is Survival Shield X-2 The Best Nascent Iodine Available?    Survival Shield X-2 is created from ancient salt solutions found more than 7,000 feet below the Earth's surface for maximum effect.    It is tested for radiation and other dangerous impurities by our quality control experts before being placed for sale.    It is approximately 50% stronger than our original Survival Shield formulation to bring about the greatest benefit.    It is a true glycerite of natural USP grade iodine.  The nascen t iodine in Survival Shield X-2 is not subjected to direct heat, harsh chemicals, or alcohol to keep the ingredients pure and organic.  The transformative process produces a stable product that no other brand can match, though many have tried!  Completely non-GMO certified for the most natural ingredients.  Vegan-friendly and completely non-toxic to make sure all of our supplements help create the best benefits.  It provides high elemental iodine uptake.  Contains NO inefficient iodides.  Does not sting or burn.  IMPORTANT SHIPPING INFORMATION: International Customers, please check with your country's customs office regarding the import of the products. As the buyer, you are solely responsible for any import restrictions, prohibited import items, taxes, tariffs, fees and other duties.  These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.  Testimonials represent a cross section of the range of results that appear to be typical with these products. Results may vary depending upon use and commitment.  The American people are under attack. The Mainstream Media drowns us in fake news, big tech companies observe us everywhere we go, and toxins are constantly being pumped into our minds and bodies. Infowars is proud to stand with our fellow patriots against the globalist threat, but we're under attack every day.    If we want to grow and expand in the fight for the truth, we need your help. We don't rely on corporate ad revenue like the Main Stream Media. Instead, we offer you outstanding products and rely on the gifts and donations from true patriots like you. Our team risks threats from the globalists and works hard every day to bring you the truth the Main Stream Media and Globalist forces don't want you to hear. Your support will go towards fighting for a better, more free America.    Thank you, fellow Infowarriors for your continued support. Together, we can lead America to the truth!  DONATE OPERATION PAUL REVERE 2018  Week 2  $1,000    DONATE OPERATION PAUL REVERE 2018  Week 2  $500    DONATE OPERATION OPERATION PAUL REVERE 2018  Week 2  $100) = 0
(Police in the south of China will soon use facial recognition technology to identify jaywalkers and send them fines over text message.  According to the South China Morning Posts Li Tao Tuesday, traffic officers in Shenzhen, who already utilize facial recognition to catch jaywalkers, are working with local artificial intelligence firm Intellifusion, mobile carriers and instant messaging companies to set up the new system.  The messaging aspect is meant to compliment the recent installation at intersections of Intellifusions LED screens  designed to shame offenders by displaying their faces.  For the current system installed in Shenzhen, Intellifusion installed cameras with 7 million pixels of resolution to capture photos of pedestrians crossing the road against traffic lights, Tao writes. Facial recognition technology identifies the individual from a database and displays a photo of the jaywalking offence, the family name of the offender and part of their government identification number on large LED screens above the pavement.  Wang Jun, Intellifusions director of marketing solutions, says the system relies on both technology and psychology to limit the instances of traffic violations.  Jaywalking has always been an issue in China and can hardly be resolved just by imposing fines or taking photos of the offenders. But a combination of technology and psychology can greatly reduce instances of jaywalking and will prevent repeat offenses, Wang said.  Images of jaywalkers are also being displayed on a government website launched earlier this month.  Wang also notes that pedestrians with numerous traffic violations can have their social credit scores negatively affected, which may reduce their ability to take out loans from Chinese banks.  News of the system comes just one month after police in Chinas Henan province began using sunglasses equipped with facial recognition technology to locate wanted suspects.  China currently has more than 170 million CCTV cameras with an estimated 400 million more to come in the next three years.  Got a tip? Contact Mikael securely: keybase.io/mikaelthalen  Follow @MikaelThalen) = 0
(Disgusted by the double standards in public schools, one student decided to do something about it and started a pro-life march.) = 0
(President Trump called out anti-gun Democrats on Twitter Wednesday.  THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2018  In world news, China claims North Koreas Kim Jong-un is prepared to denuclearize which, may be a good sign for President Trumps upcoming meeting with the dictator.  Also, a Cambridge Analytica whistleblower has revealed information Infowars has covered for years. The whistleblower told British MPs how Facebook listens to users in order to better target them with ads.) = 0
(Alex Jones compares and contrasts the patriots and tyrants of the 1776 American Revolution with the nationalists and globalists of today as Democrats try and take our guns, just as the British did.) = 0
(A mother in Germany whose daughter was being bullied by Muslim students because she was blonde, Christian and didnt wear a headscarf was told by the headmaster of a school in Frankfurt to cover her up with a hijab.  The mother of the student told BILD that her daughter was being bullied by Muslim girls to such a degree that she had to take them out of school for protection.  She was beaten and verbally attacked on the way to school, said the mother, explaining that abuse was because her daughter has blonde hair, doesnt wear a headscarf, has a German-Hebrew name and is a Christian.  When the headmaster was informed of the situation, he told the mother to cover up her daughter with a hijab.  Your daughter does not have to say that she is German. Besides, you can give her a headscarf! the mother was told.  The school refused to comment on the story.  Meanwhile, at another school in in Ennepetal, children were bullied for eating gummy bears because the impure sweets contain contain pork gelatin and are therefore not halal.  The report also mentions the case of two fourth-graders from Bavaria, who came home crying before telling their father, This student has said he is cutting off our heads because we are Christians.  The mother of a third grader in Bonn also complained to a school after a Muslim student told her daughter, Your parents will burn in hell if they do not believe in Allah.  The story is yet another example of religious bullying and the Islamist takeover of schools in heavily migrant populated areas of Germany.  As we reported yesterday, the president of Germanys Teachers Association has warned that schools with over 70% migrant students are spiraling out of control, with attacks on female teachers and Jewish students becoming commonplace.  Heinz-Peter Meidinger told BILD that a story in Berlin about Muslim migrant students circulating ISIS beheading videos was not a lone case and that such propaganda is spreading like wildfire.  Meidinger said that the presence of security guards at schools, a rarity in European countries, was synonymous with a capitulation, and that the situation had worsened since the influx of around 2 million new migrants from 2015 onwards.  SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:  Follow on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet  Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71  *********************  Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.) = 0
(Or use this link: http://rss.infowars.com/playlist.xspf with your external media player that supports XSPF playlist (e.g. VLC media player, and other aplications)  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-30, Friday (MP3) Friday March 30, 2018 to be added...  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-29, Thursday (MP3) Thursday March 29, 2018 Pope Says "No Hell" - Pope Francis claims condemned souls "disappear" and that Hell does not exist. In other news, Alex Jones's son Rex has challenged David Hogg to a debate on the Second Amendment. Joining today's broadcast is rock legend Ted Nugent who will discuss the ongoing assault on gun rights. Also, Marc Morano of ClimateDepot.com covers the Paris climate accords.  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-28, Wednesday (MP3) Wednesday March 28, 2018 President Trump proclaims, 'The Second Amendment will never be repealed!' as Democrats ratchet up their attacks on gun rights. Meanwhile, the president takes aim at Amazon's growing monopoly, and hints at an upcoming meeting with the leader of North Korea. On today's show, author Shazia Hobbs discusses AltNewsMedia.net and its documentation of the abuse of Muslim children by Muslim men. We'll also break down the fall of Facebook, the success of ABC's pro-Trump Roseanne show.  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-27, Tuesday (MP3) Tuesday March 27, 2018 West Coast Nationalism - California nationalists are taking legal action against the state's "sanctuary" laws. Law enforcement officers face punishment from the state if they cooperate with federal agents! Joining todays show is journalist Jack Posobiec to discuss the geopolitical struggles America currently faces. Furthermore, political cartoonist Ben Garrison shares his unique take on the Trump Admin and the state of political correctness. Dont miss a minute! Call and tune in!  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-26, Monday (MP3) Monday March 26, 2018 Teenagers Demand Gun Control - Anti-Second Amendment protesters gathered in cities around the country this weekend, calling for gun control and threatening to vote out Republicans next election. Also, the Trump administration ordered the Russian consulate in Seattle to close and expelled 60 Russian diplomats as punishment for Moscows alleged role in the poisoning of an ex-spy. Writer and political activist Mike Cernovich joins today's broadcast to discuss the left's crusade against free speech and more.  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-25, Sunday (MP3) Sunday March 25, 2018 Gun Grabbers Descend On Washington - The anti-Second Amendment left is using children to promote gun control in nationwide marches, a tactic Hitler used in 1930s Germany. Facebook is in hot water over data breaches by Cambridge Analytica, with CEO Mark Zuckerberg issuing full page apology ads in the UK and US. Meanwhile, President Trump signed the omnibus bill, angering many in his base. On today's show, we'll discuss what that means for US policy going forward.) = 0
(A staff writer for The Atlantic blasted President Trumps effort to weaponize the upcoming Census by supporting the insertion of a question regarding citizenship, calling it an attempt to punish liberal cities and states.  If the Constitution gives power to the people, then the Census is the main mechanism to measure that power. That also makes it an incredibly useful weapon, one with the power to warp democracy in the rightor wronghands, warned Vann Newkirk, a staff writer for The Atlantic.  At issue is a decision by the Commerce Department to include a question regarding citizenship status on the upcoming census in 2020.  A coalition of twelve Democratic-leaning states, led by California, are suing the Trump administration over the move, arguing the question could lead to an inaccurate population count as many illegal immigrants could opt against filling out the census.  Punishing liberal-leaning cities would offer Trump a victory in his ongoing culture war, even if it comes at the expense of good and useful data, Newkirk wrote. In a political system where population size dictates everything from the distribution of presidential electors to the boundaries of local voting precincts, undercounts could also undermine the political power of immigrant-rich state like California, and of the urban pockets within the Southwestern desert that threaten to make swing states out of Texas and Arizona.  As courts have ruled in the past that the redistricting and congressional apportionment processes must take into account the total population rather than the citizen population, many amnesty advocates are concerned the census citizenship question may be a precursor to Congress changing the process to count only citizens.  By requiring the census to track citizenship status, the administration might be laying the groundwork to push for redistricting based on citizenship figures, warned the Brennan Center for Justice  a far-left public policy organization headed by a former special assistant and speechwriter to President Bill Clinton.  Discussion of a citizenship question on the census is, according to Newkirk, a result of White-nationalist groups decrying white genocide and fearing demographic shifts, anti-immigrant populism, the long reach of old Jim Crow, and plain-old backroom political strategizing.  Tom Perez, the head of the Democratic National Committee, called the move an attempt at voter suppression and a first cousin to voter ID laws.  They want to change it to count the number of U.S. citizens so that they can engage in very not subtle voter suppression, Perez said during an interview on MSNBC Tuesday. That is illegal and that is totally inconsistent with what the North Star of the census in Republican and Democratic administrations have been.  This is just another divide-and-conquer effort. This is a first cousin of these voter ID laws sought to make sure that African Americans and Latinos cant vote, he added. This is not who we are as a nation. This is not why people died for the passage of the Voting Rights Act.  Despite their feigned concern for ensuring an accurate population count, Democrats and their amnesty-supporting allies have ulterior motives  namely, packing as many illegal immigrants into sanctuary jurisdictions as they can to direct even more federal funds there.  In addition, illegal immigrant population growth in those jurisdictions will ultimately lead to a redistricting and congressional apportionment process that dilutes the vote of suburban and rural voters as they are packed in districts dominated by large (and liberal) cities- a charge Democrats have regularly leveled in reverse at Republicans since the last census.) = 0
(Rev. Kenneth Sharpton Glasgow, the alleged half-brother of Rev. Al Sharpton, led a march against gun violence Saturday in Dothan, Alabama.  Glasgow walked Dothans downtown streets Saturday shouting through a megaphone about bringing change to Americas gun laws, WDHN  reports.  The next night, Dothan police believe the ex-convict helped another man commit a drive-by shooting at the intersection of Lake Street and Allen Road. Glasgow, 52, was charged with capital murder alongside 26-year-old Jamie Townes, the alleged gunman, according to the Dothan Eagle.  Dothan Police Chief Steve Parrish told the news site Glasgow was the driver of the vehicle used in the murder of Breunia Jennings, 23.  According to the Eagle:  In a press conference Monday afternoon, Parrish said it appears Jennings stole Townes vehicle. Townes got into Glasgows vehicle, and the two followed Jennings while she drove.  Townes fired several shots into the vehicle Jennings drove, he said, striking her in the head. She later died from her injuries.  Alabama law states a person is legally accountable for the behavior of another constituting a criminal act if, with the intent to promote or assist the commission of the offense  he aids or abets such another person in committing the offense   WDHN reports Glasgow was chatting with bystanders at the crime scene Sunday and claimed a 2018 Toyota Camry involved in the ordeal was his vehicle.  We were ducked down in the car while it was happening, he allegedly said.  The murder victim, 23-year-old Breunia Jennings, was in a wrecked Chevrolet Monte Carlo SS that had significant damage, according to WDHN. The vehicles back window was shot out leaving glass all over the intersection. Just feet away was Glasgows Camry.  The Washington Examiner reports:  Sharpton and Glasgow have been activists on projects together. Glasgow is an ex-convict who started an Alabama ministry called The Ordinary People Society. He has recently been campaigning to restore voting rights for convicts.  In 2013, Glasgow teamed with Sharpton to protest the murder of Trayvon Martin in Florida.  And while Glasgow has capitalized on his half-brothers celebrity and connections  his website features a selfie with failed 2016 presidential candidate Hillary Clinton  his relation to Reverend Sharpton is sort of complicated.  He told WKRG in 2016 that he was conceived when his mother had an affair with her mothers second husband  Al Sharpton Jr.s father.  So youre saying that Al Sharpton Sr. slept with his wifes daughter? a WKRG reporter questioned.  According to what I was told, Glasgow said.) = 0
(Over 18 million viewers tuned in to ABC Tuesday night to watch the revival of 90s sitcom Roseanne, which reimagines its beloved protagonist as a supporter of US President Donald Trump.  The return delivered an incredible 18.2 million viewers along with an equally impressive 5.1 rating among adults 18-49, reports Entertainment Weekly.  The reboot saw the highest ratings for a network comedy show in four years, topping ratings for its series finale in 1997.  For the time slot, Roseanne gave ABC its best numbers since November 2006 and November 2009, respectively, TVLine.com reports.  Furthermore, the show beat out 60 Minutes Sunday interview with porn star Stormy Daniels in the adult demo, according to EW.  The show fills a void for Conservative viewers on network TV left open since ABC cancelled Last Man Standing, the sitcom starring Tim Allen as a family-oriented sporting goods store manager.  As to whether the show was any good, PJ Medias Roger Simon expresses its difficult to quantify.  Was it a great show? Its hard to say because the extraordinary shock of seeing an actual highly sympathetic though irascible self-admitted Deplorable  Roseanne  as the protagonist of a network television show is so far from our daily entertainment reality it overwhelms all other considerations.  The shows star, Roseanne Barr, thanked viewers for the high ratings, saying, You are all wonderful-here is to making America laugh & talk again!  I am so greatful to the fans of the Roseanne show for giving it a good Premiere rating. You are all wonderful-here is to making America laugh & talk again! LOVE U  Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) March 28, 2018  Follow @AdanSalazarWins  Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/adan.salazar.735  FLASHBACK  Roseanne tells Alex Jones she supports gun rights:) = 0
(Alex Jones shows how Chinas practices in the area of space exploration and rocket technology are decades behind the West, yet Democrats praise China as what the U.S. should strive to be like.) = 0
(Get Informed  Get the latest breaking news & specials from Alex Jones and the Infowars crew.) = 0
(Or use this link: http://rss.infowars.com/playlist.xspf with your external media player that supports XSPF playlist (e.g. VLC media player, and other aplications)  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-30, Friday (MP3) Friday March 30, 2018 to be added...  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-29, Thursday (MP3) Thursday March 29, 2018 Pope Says "No Hell" - Pope Francis claims condemned souls "disappear" and that Hell does not exist. In other news, Alex Jones's son Rex has challenged David Hogg to a debate on the Second Amendment. Joining today's broadcast is rock legend Ted Nugent who will discuss the ongoing assault on gun rights. Also, Marc Morano of ClimateDepot.com covers the Paris climate accords.  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-28, Wednesday (MP3) Wednesday March 28, 2018 President Trump proclaims, 'The Second Amendment will never be repealed!' as Democrats ratchet up their attacks on gun rights. Meanwhile, the president takes aim at Amazon's growing monopoly, and hints at an upcoming meeting with the leader of North Korea. On today's show, author Shazia Hobbs discusses AltNewsMedia.net and its documentation of the abuse of Muslim children by Muslim men. We'll also break down the fall of Facebook, the success of ABC's pro-Trump Roseanne show.  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-27, Tuesday (MP3) Tuesday March 27, 2018 West Coast Nationalism - California nationalists are taking legal action against the state's "sanctuary" laws. Law enforcement officers face punishment from the state if they cooperate with federal agents! Joining todays show is journalist Jack Posobiec to discuss the geopolitical struggles America currently faces. Furthermore, political cartoonist Ben Garrison shares his unique take on the Trump Admin and the state of political correctness. Dont miss a minute! Call and tune in!  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-26, Monday (MP3) Monday March 26, 2018 Teenagers Demand Gun Control - Anti-Second Amendment protesters gathered in cities around the country this weekend, calling for gun control and threatening to vote out Republicans next election. Also, the Trump administration ordered the Russian consulate in Seattle to close and expelled 60 Russian diplomats as punishment for Moscows alleged role in the poisoning of an ex-spy. Writer and political activist Mike Cernovich joins today's broadcast to discuss the left's crusade against free speech and more.  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-25, Sunday (MP3) Sunday March 25, 2018 Gun Grabbers Descend On Washington - The anti-Second Amendment left is using children to promote gun control in nationwide marches, a tactic Hitler used in 1930s Germany. Facebook is in hot water over data breaches by Cambridge Analytica, with CEO Mark Zuckerberg issuing full page apology ads in the UK and US. Meanwhile, President Trump signed the omnibus bill, angering many in his base. On today's show, we'll discuss what that means for US policy going forward.) = 0
(Military objectives to control a population can be distilled to controlling movement, communication and the ability to shoot. The attacks on speech & guns are obvious but Eric Peters, EPautos.com, explains the tactics for the first objective  controlling our movement.) = 0
(President Trump in a tweet early Wednesday said the Second Amendment will never be repealed, despite a former Supreme Court justices words, and called for more Republicans to be elected in this years midterm elections.  THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! he tweeted.  As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY, he added.  We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!  THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen, and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens, NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2018  Trump tweet follows an op-ed from former Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens, who said that the Second Amendment is outdated and misunderstood.  Stevens, a Republican, wrote in The New York Times on Tuesday said that students and anti-gun violence advocates should press lawmakers to enact legislation prohibiting civilian ownership of semiautomatic weapons, increasing the minimum age to buy a gun from 18 to 21 years old, and establishing more comprehensive background checks on all purchasers of firearms.  Read more) = 0
(Racist liberals deny a black American his basic civil liberty of free speech in the name of their manic ideology.) = 0
(Ben Garrison, the prolific political cartoonist, joins Alex Jones live via Skype to debut some of his most recent works that demonstrate MSMs push to destroy the 1st and 2nd Amendments.) = 0
(Or use this link: http://rss.infowars.com/playlist.xspf with your external media player that supports XSPF playlist (e.g. VLC media player, and other aplications)  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-30, Friday (MP3) Friday March 30, 2018 to be added...  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-29, Thursday (MP3) Thursday March 29, 2018 Pope Says "No Hell" - Pope Francis claims condemned souls "disappear" and that Hell does not exist. In other news, Alex Jones's son Rex has challenged David Hogg to a debate on the Second Amendment. Joining today's broadcast is rock legend Ted Nugent who will discuss the ongoing assault on gun rights. Also, Marc Morano of ClimateDepot.com covers the Paris climate accords.  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-28, Wednesday (MP3) Wednesday March 28, 2018 President Trump proclaims, 'The Second Amendment will never be repealed!' as Democrats ratchet up their attacks on gun rights. Meanwhile, the president takes aim at Amazon's growing monopoly, and hints at an upcoming meeting with the leader of North Korea. On today's show, author Shazia Hobbs discusses AltNewsMedia.net and its documentation of the abuse of Muslim children by Muslim men. We'll also break down the fall of Facebook, the success of ABC's pro-Trump Roseanne show.  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-27, Tuesday (MP3) Tuesday March 27, 2018 West Coast Nationalism - California nationalists are taking legal action against the state's "sanctuary" laws. Law enforcement officers face punishment from the state if they cooperate with federal agents! Joining todays show is journalist Jack Posobiec to discuss the geopolitical struggles America currently faces. Furthermore, political cartoonist Ben Garrison shares his unique take on the Trump Admin and the state of political correctness. Dont miss a minute! Call and tune in!  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-26, Monday (MP3) Monday March 26, 2018 Teenagers Demand Gun Control - Anti-Second Amendment protesters gathered in cities around the country this weekend, calling for gun control and threatening to vote out Republicans next election. Also, the Trump administration ordered the Russian consulate in Seattle to close and expelled 60 Russian diplomats as punishment for Moscows alleged role in the poisoning of an ex-spy. Writer and political activist Mike Cernovich joins today's broadcast to discuss the left's crusade against free speech and more.  Alex Jones - 2018-Mar-25, Sunday (MP3) Sunday March 25, 2018 Gun Grabbers Descend On Washington - The anti-Second Amendment left is using children to promote gun control in nationwide marches, a tactic Hitler used in 1930s Germany. Facebook is in hot water over data breaches by Cambridge Analytica, with CEO Mark Zuckerberg issuing full page apology ads in the UK and US. Meanwhile, President Trump signed the omnibus bill, angering many in his base. On today's show, we'll discuss what that means for US policy going forward.) = 0
(Will Antarctic German Space Program Reveal Itself & Release Advanced Technologies?  There has been much controversy over a February 5 blog post by former Forbes Magazine editor, Benjamin Fulford that a German Space Program based in Antarctica has secretly reached a deal with U.S. and global authorities, and is ready to reveal itself. Such a disclosure will lead to life changing antigravity and other suppressed technologies being released, according to Fulford.  Fulford does not name his sources or offer any direct evidence supporting his controversial claim, but recent visits to southern Argentina by U.S. Secretary of State, Rex Tillerson and Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, does offer important circumstantial support. Fulfords claim therefore merits close examination in light of what Tillerson and Bezos were really doing in Argentina.  Fulford cites unnamed Pentagon sources for his controversial assertion. On Monday, February 5, he wrote:  A major peace deal was reached last week in negotiations that took place literally under the light of the blue-blood super moon in a certain Asian country last week, according to sources who were present. As are result of this, the Nazi faction of the world military-industrial complex has agreed to align itself with the light side of the force. Thus in the near future, Nazi technology, notably anti-gravity and hypersonic (Mach 20+) air travel, will be made available to the surface population, of the planet, the sources say We will have more details toward the end of this report.    Towards the end of his blog post, Fulford gives the promised additional details:  In any case, now that the Nazis have agreed to come out of hiding and rejoin the human family, there is simply no military power left that will support any more Khazarian genocidal projects. The Nazis are now run by a generation that is in their 30s and who have no experience with or involvement in the horrors of World War II. For that reason, they have no reason to hide.  In any case, according to the source mentioned above, the Nazis have not really been hiding at all. In the real world, most Nazi leaders who were not arrested at the end of World War 2 did not go to Antarctica or even South America. Instead, they went to Spain, which was still run by a Fascist government after the war ended. Many stayed in Spain, but others moved on to Cuba and Nevada, among other places. The infamous Area 51 and other bases in Nevada are mainly bases for testing advanced Nazi aerospace technology, according to this source. This technology will now be shared with the general population, the source says.  The Nazi bases in Antarctica, this source says, are far smaller and less significant than many believe. He says disinformation about giant Nazi bases in Antarctica was deliberately put out by the Nazis in order to keep Nazi hunters off their trail. The reality is that they did find warm hollows under the ice created by volcanic hot springs, but that that the water was undrinkable.    In answer to a readers question about the intentions of the present German leadership in Antarctica, Fulford added:  The new generation of Nazi leaders renounces the genocidal plans of their fathers and grandfathers and wishes to share their wonderful technology with humanity. As such, we should welcome them, and hopefully their secret space program will not have to be secret any more.  There has been extensive eyewitness testimony given by insiders such as William Tompkins (a former US Navy operative and aerospace engineer), Clark McClelland (a former NASA employee), Corey Goode (former secret space program participant) about a fully functional German secret space program in Antarctica that covertly established agreements with the U.S. military industrial complex in the 1950s.  Some of this eyewitness testimony was covered in Books One and Two of my Secret Space Program Series, and a more detailed examination along with supporting evidence is forthcoming in Book Three: Antarcticas Hidden History: Corporate Foundations of Secret Space Programs (March 2018).  In short, there is much evidence that a German space program was secretly created in Antarctica, and that agreements reached with the U.S. Military Industrial Complex led to its expansion, and the establishment of what Jim Marrs and others refer to as the Fourth Reich.  This is where the Argentinian city of San Carlos de Bariloche, (aka Barilcoche) becomes important. According to credible sources, Adolf Hitler escaped the war to establish his primary residence in Bariloche, which is located in Patagonia, the southern-most region of Argentina. World War II historians such as Harry Cooper and Dr. Jerome Corsi have cited extensive documents and eyewitness testimonies supporting such rumors.  In addition, Martin Bormann escaped to Argentina and made it a hub for a postwar Nazi capital flight program called Operation Eagle Flight. Bormanns capital flight program not only financed a covert global attempt to establish a Fourth Reich, but also funded a German secret space program in Antarctica.  With the confluence of international finance and exiled Nazi leaders, Bariloche became the de facto capital of the Fourth Reich, and the place U.S. leaders would regularly visit to reach agreements with the Antarctic based German space program.  This is evidenced by visits to Bariloche by U.S. Presidents such as Dwight D. Eisenhower (February 28, 1960), William Clinton (October 18, 1997), and Barack Obama (March 24, 2016) all visited Bariloche ostensibly for economic development and/or environmental protection. The real reason may well have involved covert negotiations with leaders of the German SSP out of Antarctica.  This why the February 3 trip to Bariloche by Secretary Rex Tillerson becomes important. Was he there simply to discuss ecological exchanges as State Department Undersecretary Steve Goldstein stated to the press? Or was Tillerson there to conduct secret negotiations with a new generation of leaders from the German Antarctic Space Program, as Pentagon sources allegedly told Fulford?  What lends further plausibility to Fulfords claim of secret negotiations is Amazon founder and worlds richest man, Jeff Bezos, simultaneous visit to Argentina. On February 3, an Argentinian newspaper released a story about Bezos unannounced visit to the Perito Moreno glacier in Patagonia to save the earth:  The American businessman Jeff Bezos, founder and director of Amazon, owner of the legendary newspaper The Washington Post and founder of Blue Origin, a company that aims to make suborbital and commercial orbital trips, is located in the Argentine Patagonia.  The billionaire today tweeted a photo in front of the Perito Moreno glacier. This is the impressive Perito Moreno glacier in Patagonia, we send robotic probes to all the planets of the solar system, and the Earth is far the best, we go to space, but to save the Earth, said Bezos. [Google Translation]  Its worth emphasizing that Bariloche is the fourth largest city in the region of Patagonia, with a sufficiently large airport to accommodate their aircraft. Tillerson and Bezos could have very easily attended secret negotiations respectively representing the highest levels of U.S. government and industry.  Indeed, this is what Dr. Joseph Farrell, who was the first to report on the Tillerson and Bezos visits, contends is what happened:  Mr. Bezos comments seem to imply that the purpose of his Patagonian glacierology expedition is related to space matters which, again, conjures that image of Mr. Obama in Bariloche with NASA folks in tow. (And lets not forget the Chinese presence in the region, again for ostensible space related purposes.) So, yes, my high octane speculation is that Mr. Bezos visit to the region is related to Mr. Tillersons, and that the purpose is not glaciers or Fullbright scholarships or talks to nature preserves, though it should be noted that the nature angle figures as a covering story both for Mr. Tillerson and Mr. Bezos! That alone suggests to me coordination, and that the trips are, indeed, related somehow. Its that other influence in the region that raises the questions: Nazis. Bariloche was, after all, home and headquarters, more or less, to Dr. Ronald Richters very strange postwar plasma experiments for Juan Peron. The so-called Nazi Estancia, the Ranch, a vast cordoned-off area of some 10,000 square miles, is in the region.  The important point here is that Mr. Bezos may have given a clue about the real nature of the ongoing interest of big names and big money in the region: space, and advanced technologies, and that the real purpose of these strange visits is related directly to these.    Farrells observations here are very insightful. The Tillerson and Bezos visits were very likely connected to secret negotiations with a new generation of Nazi leaders willing to publicly release advanced space technologies.  Lending further credence to such an observation is the role of the Chinese military in running a joint space program facility with the Argentinian government that came into operation in 2016 in the Patagonia region, around the time of President Obamas Bariloche visit.    This brings us back to Fulfords unnamed Pentagon sources that told him about negotiations taking place at an Asian country around the time of the January 31 Super Blue Blood full moon. These negotiations involving global elites (aka Deep State/Cabal/Illuminati, etc.) apparently paved the way for the German space program to be revealed.  Four days later, Tillerson and Bezos show up at Bariloche, arguably with Chinese space program representatives already operating in the Patagonia area, to strike a deal with the new generation of German Antarctic leaders.  While many of Fulfords claims remain controversial and unsubstantiated, his most recent claim of a secret agreement being reach with a new generation of leaders of the Fourth Reich willing to publicly reveal themselves and release fantastic life changing space technologies, is backed by significant circumstantial evidence, and deserves serious investigation.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 14,586 times, 9 visits today)  Tags: Adolf Hitler, Antarctica, Benjamin Fulford, German Space Program) = 0
(Mars whistleblower reveals more of his covert military service  Randy Cramer (aka Captain Kaye, USMC s.s.) who claims to have spent 17 years on Mars and three years serving on a secret space fleet has just released his first newsletter. It has his responses to a number of questions from the general public sent to him by email or Facebook. For those that have followed the Captain Kaye material, there will be fascinating details on issues covered more generally in earlier interviews/articles. Below are some of the highlights from his newsletter and their significance.  The most pertinent information in my opinion is that Randy is still acting under direct orders from his military superiors  a brigadier general and colonel serving in a covert branch of the U.S. Marine Corps called special section. This was covered in my last skype interview with him. In the newsletter he says:  Col. Jamieson put me in touch with a man identifying himself as Brigadier General Smythe. General Smythe gave me a fairly long-winded explanation about the soulless pricks (his words) on the Committee that he was supposed to answer to, and the serious disagreements by USMC s.s. brass with said Committee. Without elaborating, I was satisfied with his explanation of the situation on his end. When he personally gave me the go-ahead (he said, and I quote, Im giving you the go-ahead to go public with everything you know ), I asked, Everything? and he said, EVERYTHING!, and then we had a deal. As long as I had the assurance that my direct chain of command was behind me and that I had no restrictions on truthful content, I knew it was for real  and that HE was for real. No one  not even an enemy  would want me to do that, or tell me to do that. He even said I could use his name, which I just did, to let the people who need to know, that I answer to him, and only to him and if they didnt like it, they could take it up with him, or the CMC.  One of the issues covered during his interviews was that the mind control techniques used on him and other Marine Corps s.s. recruits was not trauma based as was common with other covert programs. Here Randy gives more details on the two different types of mind control used by covert military services:  The techniques used to make me have been described to me as a with-the-grain style of programming as opposed to most against-the-grain styles of programming that try to force Super Soldiers to kill anything, anytime, anywhere  and as human animals, most of us just arent made that way, so we resist  and the main function then becomes suppressing the urge to resist. Rather than creating the best Super Soldier you can, you only create the most compliant. The with-the-grain style programming doesnt try to create something that kills on command, but, rather, it creates a deep seated instinct to protect its tribe and its territory when threatened. So, as long as you can explain the threat credibly, the soldier will use all of its strength and cunning to destroy any that would harm those its genetically predisposed to protect.  Randy comments on the nature of compartmentalized projects and the power acquired by project directors. This is pretty consistent with what other whistleblowers have revealed about covert programs that have increasingly become rogue operations:  It would appear that what was once a fairly cohesive effort by a handful of covert programs to deal with the ET/exobiological/technological issues, is no longer cohesive, and nor is it just a hand full. It seems that it has degraded into a feudal style conflict where every Deep Black program director who has a measure of control in the larger equation is refusing to share data, while trying to steal and acquire everyone elses data  while trying to keep his/her sub-programs hidden so they cannot be stolen. Alliances are made and broken. All high technology is just used to spy and steal from each other with the hope that whoever wins the Deep Black race will get to rewrite all the rules and make the world in their image; because, quite simply, there will be NO ONE to stop them from doing so with all the competition eliminated, or left in the dust.  In his response to a question about his arrival on Mars, Randy says that his first experience was stepping out into the open which is breathable. Other Mars whistleblowers have said similar things and of course there are many Mars Rover images of animals roaming the surface of Mars. Randys testimony is more evidence that NASA is lying that the atmosphere is 96% CO 2 with trace amounts (0.15%) of O 2 . His account of the transfer station sounds like the kind of open air conditions one finds in landing at many small airports.  We touched down at Aries Primus, HQ of the MCC (Mars Colony Corporation) and the MDF (Mars Defense Force). To my surprise, we walked down the gangplank and right out into the Martian air. The air was thin and cool, but the sun was beating down enough to feel it. Even though its dimmer, the sun can still be quite hot and bright in the direct light. We walked, in a line, to personnel with scanners in their hands who would scan your transfer packet, and then direct you to whichever shuttle pad was to take you to your duty station.  I boarded a small shuttle that looked like a soda can that had been through hell and back. It was long and narrow, and had two rows of seats against the side walls facing each other. You could fit about 32 people (plus, two flight crew) inside. It was a noisy and rough ride, and when I got out, we were in the motor pool/main hangar of Forward Station Zebra: my new home for the next 17 years.  When asked about the moon landing by Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin, Randy commented about how the moon program was a cover and that many were surprised Armstrong didnt say more before his death. One likely reason is that Armstrong received death threats against him and his family if he revealed to others before his death:  we know the covert program was on the moon in the Fifties, and on Mars in the Sixties  but only a few people knew that. To everyone else, the NASA program was all there was. Several astronauts of the Mercury program had said they thought they were just spam in a can, and that the real deal must be in some deeper program. A lot of us thought Neil Armstrong might do a deathbed confession, but he went to the grave with what he knew.  Finally, Randy claims that President Eisenhower created the US Marine Corps special section in 1953 as a counterweight to the MJ-12 Group. That makes a lot of sense given the long history of the Marines and Eisenhowers suspicions about the growing power of MJ-12 that culminated in his 1958 threat to invade area 51/S4:  President Eisenhower (Ike) created USMC s.s. because he didnt trust those MJ-12 boys, and he wanted a military unit (disciplined and oath driven, not like intelligence community people), and he wanted them to be marines because he wanted them to have the highest ethical and moral fiber. So they recruited their first officer class from the Navy and the Marine Corps, before they created their own officer academy, because Sailors and Marines have a shipmate and teammate mentality. We all work together, or we all go down with the ship  essentially. This distinction has a ripple effect that makes Navy and Marine command structure TOTALLY different from Army or Air Force, which is where the main corruption comes from: greedy conquerors (fucking Legionnaires)  mix that with the T2 eugenicists, and you have a global nightmare the Nazis only envisioned in their wettest dreams.  Randys newsletter has much more fascinating information in it and is well worth reading.  For the moment, there hasnt been much in the way of direct confirmation of Randys claims other than whistleblowers such as Andy Basiago, J.D., corroborating some of the details he revealed about bases on Mars:  After careful analysis, I have concluded that the Mars testimony of Captain Randy Cramer is truthful. I am convinced that Randy is the real deal.  More needs to be done in that regard and perhaps thats where Randys superiors in the chain of command can help him, if they really desire disclosure to move forward quickly. Nevertheless, Randys revelations about Mars and the secret space fleet are certainly something to deeply consider as we move inexorably towards a world where some truths about extraterrestrial life are finally revealed, but other elements of the cover up are likely to continue in rogue covert programs.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  To Learn More:  (Visited 210,199 times, 14 visits today)  Tags: Captain Kaye, Mars, Randy Cramer, secret space programs, USMC) = 0
(by Arjun Walia March 11, 2018 (collective-evolution.com)   In the mid-1920s, Townsend Brown discovered that gravitational mass and electric charge are coupled. He found that when a capacitor is charged to a high voltage, it moves toward its positive pole. This became known as the Biefeld-Brown effect.   During World War Two, multiple strange sightings occurred of disc-shaped objects travelling at incomprehensible speeds. A declassified CIA document mentions a famous German engineer named Georg Klein, who confirms that the Germans were developing flying saucers as early as 1941. Klein relates that by 1944, the Germans had already built three saucers for testing. These saucers could reach speeds of 4,000 kilometers per hour. The Germans did have a problem obtaining the construction materials for these saucers, but even this had been solved by the end of 1945. One type of German saucer actually had the shape of a disc 42 meters in diameter with an interior cabin. Another model was in the shape of a ring with raised sides and a spherically shaped pilots cabin on the outside, in the center of the ring. Both models could take off vertically and precisely land.   At the wars end, German engineers were ordered to destroy these saucers, including all of the plans for them. The engineers at the Mite factories in Breslau, however, were not warned in sufficient time of the Soviet approach, and the Soviets, therefore, succeeded in seizing their material. Plans, as well as specialized personnel, were immediately sent directly to the Soviet Union under heavy guard, said Klein.   Italian researcher Renato Vesco claims that during WWII the Germans had developed antigravity. These concepts were later developed by the Americans and Soviets and led directly to flying saucers.   University of New Hampshire professor, Theodore C. Loder, revealed that around 1953, Townsend Brown conducted a demonstration for military top brass. He flew a pair of 3-foot diameter discs around a 50-foot course tethered to a central pole. Energized with 150,000 volts and emitting ions from their leading edge, they attained speeds of several hundred miles per hour. Another of Browns experiments with flying saucer prototypes had one reaching an altitude of 12,400 meters within 3 minutes, at a speed of 2,200 kilometers per hour. Brown submitted a proposal to the Pentagon for the development of a Mach 3 disc shaped electrogravitic fighter craft.   In 2002, aviation writer Nick Cook came to the conclusion that the Nazis had experimented with a form of science the rest of the world had never remotely considered, and which continues to be suppressed today.   Secret exotic technologies have been wrapped up in the Black Budget and Special Access Programs (SAPs) for years. Theyre exempt from standard reporting requirements to Congress and many of these SAPS remain unacknowledged by anybody within the government.   It is ironic that the U.S. should be fighting monstrously expensive wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, allegedly to bring democracy to those countries, when it itself can no longer claim to be called a democracy, when trillions, and I mean thousands of billions of dollars have been spent on projects about which both the Congress and the Commander in Chief have been kept deliberately in the dark.  Former Canadian Defense Minister Paul Hellyer  A German newspaper recently published an interview with George Klein, famous German engineer and aircraft expert, describing the experimental construction of flying saucers carried out by him from 1941 to 1945.  Exotic technology has been around for a long time, and so have the agencies within the Department of Defense that use it. Just imagine what type of technology the NSA  an intelligence agency whose existence was denied until the mid-1960s  was using in the 1950s. Then theres the National Reconnaissance Office, which was founded in 1960 but remained completely secret for 30 years. Secret technologies have been wrapped up in the Black Budget and Special Access Programs (SAPs) for years, and many of these SAPS remain unacknowledged by anybody within the government. Theyre exempt from standard reporting requirements to Congress.  It is ironic that the U.S. would begin a devastating war, allegedly in search of weapons of mass destruction, when the most worrisome developments in this field are occurring in your own backyard. It is ironic that the U.S. should be fighting monstrously expensive wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, allegedly to bring democracy to those countries, when it itself can no longer claim to be called a democracy, when trillions, and I mean thousands of billions of dollars have been spent on projects about which both the Congress and the Commander in Chief have been kept deliberately in the dark.   Former Canadian Defense Minister Paul Hellyer  When it comes to exotic aerial technology, there is no shortage of information. For examine, in the mid-1920s, Townsend Brown discovered that gravitational mass and electric charge are coupled. He found that when a capacitor is charged to a high voltage, it moves toward its positive pole. This became known as the Biefeld-Brown effect, which, like many new concepts today that challenge longheld belief systems (that then become scientific dogma), was opposed by conventional-minded physicists of his time.  As Theodore C. Loder, a Professor Emeritus of Earth Sciences at the University of New Hampshire, states:  The Pearl Harbor Demonstration. Around 1953, Brown conducted a demonstration for military top brass. He flew a pair of 3-foot diameter discs around a 50-foot course tethered to a central pole. Energized with 150,000 volts and emitting ions from their leading edge, they attained speeds of several hundred miles per hour. The subject was thereafter classified. Project Winterhaven. Brown submitted a proposal to the Pentagon for the development of a Mach 3 disc shaped electrogravitic fighter craft. Drawings of its basic design are shown in one of his patents. They are essentially large-scale versions of his tethered test discs.  German Flying Saucers  During World War Two, multiple strange sightings occurred, of disc-shaped objects travelling at incomprehensible speeds. When the Associated Press and New York Times covered the topic in 1945, they speculated the objects might be a new form of German weaponry.  There is no shortage of strange documents in the CIAs Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) electronic reading room. Many reveal the agencys efforts to keep tabs on the technological developments of other countries, especially during and after World War II.  One document brings up a famous German engineer named Georg Klein, who, as the document states, expressed that though many people believe the flying saucers to be a postwar development, they were actually in the planning stage in German aircraft factories as early as 1941.  The document then goes on to mention an experiment described by Klein:  The flying saucer reached an altitude of 12,400 meters within 3 minutes and a speed of 2,200 kilometers per hour. Klein emphasized that in accordance with German plans, the speed of these saucers would reach 4,000 kilometers per hour. One difficulty, according to Klein, was the problem of obtaining the materials to be used for the construction of the saucers, but even this had been solved by German engineers toward the end of 1945, and construction on the objects was scheduled to begin, Klein added.  Three Different Models  According to Klein, by 1944 the Germans had already built three saucers for testing. Were these the foo fighters all of these American pilots were reporting? The document describes the three disks:  One type actually had the shape of a disc, with an interior cabin, and was built at the (unidentified) factories, which had also built the V2 rockets. This model was 42 meters in diameter. The other model had the shape of a ring, with raised sides and a spherically shaped pilots cabin placed on the outside, in the center of the ring . . . [and] both models had the ability to take off vertically and to land in an extremely restricted area, like helicopters.  The engineers were ordered to destroy these saucers, including all of the plans for them. The engineers at the Mite factories in Breslau, however, were not warned in sufficient time of the Soviet approach, and the Soviets, therefore, succeeded in seizing their material. Plans, as well as specialized personnel, were immediately sent directly to the Soviet Union under heavy guard.  German Saucer Technology Has Been in the Lore for a Long Time  Aviation writer Nick Cook is one of many to have investigated this topic, and in 2002 he came to the conclusion that the Nazis had experimented with a form of science the rest of the world had never remotely considered and which continues to be suppressed today.  It makes you wonder what the United States received given that, through Operation Paperclip, a number of top German scientists were transported to the United States.  READ ENTIRE ARTICLE  FAIR USE NOTICE: This page contains copyrighted material the use of which has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. ExoNews.org distributes this material for the purpose of news reporting, educational research, comment and criticism, constituting Fair Use under 17 U.S.C  107. Please contact the Editor at ExoNews with any copyright issue.) = 0
(Human Cloning about to be Unleashed upon the World  A February 28 report by the New York Times describes how Barbara Streisand paid $50,000 to have two clones made of her favorite pet dog that passed away last year. The story reveals how open source cloning has been quietly developed in scientific laboratories over the last 20 years, and is opening the door to human cloning becoming a reality in the near future. This is not a surprise given multiple whistleblower claims that human cloning was developed by the 1970s in highly classified military projects.  The New York Times describes how cloning has evolved since Dolly the Sheep who was born in 1996. The New York Times tracks how research shifted over years to clone about two dozen other mammal species, including cattle, deer, horses, rabbits, cats, rats  and yes, dogs.  The first dog was cloned in 2005 by South Korean researchers at Sooam Biotech. This was followed in 2008 by a California company partnering with the South Koreans which successfully cloned three puppies from a group of five dogs. By 2015, Sooam Biotech, had cloned over 600 dogs according to reports from Business Insider and NPR.  The lead Korean scientist behind the cloning is Hwang Woo Suk, who became infamous for fraudulently claiming he had cloned human embryos in 2004. Despite his fall from scientific grace, no one is doubting that he is successfully cloning dogs.  NPR reports that the cloning process is successful in about one in three attempts, and raises many ethical concerns about the number of miscarriages and the sickly pups that are eventually born.  This did not deter Streisand who used either Sooam Biotech or another Texas based company, her publicist did not reply to the New York Times about which one cloned her dog.  The New York Times summarized an interview Streisand gave with Variety Magazine about her two cloned puppies, which suggested she was satisfied with the results:  In her interview with Variety, Ms. Streisand revealed that two of her three Coton de Tulear dogs were clones. Specifically, the magazine reported that the dogs  Miss Violet and Miss Scarlett  had been cloned from cells taken from the mouth and stomach of Ms. Streisands late dog Samantha, who was 14 when she died last year.  Miss Violet and Miss Scarlett have different personalities, Ms. Streisand told Variety. Im waiting for them to get older so I can see if they have her brown eyes and her seriousness.  The fact that over 600 dogs have been cloned so far by a Korean researcher made infamous for claims about cloning humans, suggests it is only a matter of time before human cloning becomes a reality.  However, according to a number of whistleblowers, cloning has been occurring since at least the 1970s. Dr Peter Beter was appointed by President John F. Kennedy to serve as General Counsel for the Export-Import Bank of the United States, a position he held from 1961 to 1967. In an audioletter dated May 28, 1979, Dr. Beter said:  Clones of all kinds of animals have been produced successfully in the laboratory, but that is not what bothers people. In the recent past it has been claimed that human clones are also possible and that some may already be in existence. These last claims about human clones have been ridiculed, denied, and suppressed by all kinds of officialsthe reason is that the idea of duplicate human beings impinges upon a super-secret realm of Intelligence activities by both Russia and the United States.  Its noteworthy to point out that animal cloning according to Dr. Beter was occurring at least 20 years before Dolly the Sheep in highly classified research projects.  It is the claims of Michael Wolf that are next worth considering since he says he was involved in the creation of the first human clone in a classified research facility. Chris Stonor wrote an article summarizing an interview with Wolf in October 2000:  He was involved in various genetic experiments  one being the Sentinel Project. After perfecting cloning techniques on animals Dr Wolf and his associates successfully created an artificially-intelligent human named J-Type Omega  their superiors wanted a superbright, superpowerful soldier who would follow orders without fear or question. But Dr Wolf surreptitiously programmed ethics into its intelligence after realizing that J Type had a soul.  The Sentinel Project involved a close association with the Greys. The ETs vast knowledge on genetics being essential for its success. J Omega was grown in a water tank from an embryo. Part of the DNA used came from Dr Wolf. It took exactly one year before he was ready to be awoken.  In Wolfs 1993 book, The Catchers of Heaven: A Trilogy, he explained how he was instructed to terminate the clone since it refused to follow an order by his military superiors to kill a dog:  Of course, man has always wanted to create a being in his own image We can do it now. We have done it! He was terminated, however, because he couldnt follow orders; he couldnt shoot an animal. This being told the big brass that I said: People do not do things unless theres a good reason to do it. I see no good reason to kill this harmless dog. (The Catchers of Heaven, p. 9)  Wolf asserted that from 1972 to 1977 he worked on highly classified at the S-4 facility at Papoose lake, and Area 51 more generally. It was during this period that the J Omega human clone was allegedly created.  Other more recent whistleblowers who have come forward to claim that human cloning has been around for decades in classified projects include William Tompkins, Corey Goode and Emery Smith.  It is generally accepted that classified research projects are typically two or three decades ahead of their open sources equivalents. Therefore, the revelations of Beter, Wolf, Tompkins, Goode and Smith concerning the existence of human cloning experiments going as far back as the 1970s, if not earlier, have just been scientifically vindicated by the New York Times story.  The fact that animal cloning is now available for those willing to pay $50,000 for former pets, raises the likelihood than in the very near future, people will be asked to pay similar or higher fees for clones of former relatives, persons of interest, or even themselves. Its very likely that the New York Times story on Streisand is preparing the general public for human cloning as a future commercial enterprise, despite the many ethical issues it raises.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 6,618 times, 2 visits today)  Tags: Barbara Streisand, cloning, human clones, Michael Wolf, Peter Beter) = 0
(Possible New Source on Discovery of Frozen City under Antarctic Ice  A possible new source has come forward with corroborating information about the discovery of a large frozen city two miles under the Antarctic ice, located roughly 16 miles from the geographic South Pole. The breakthrough to the city occurred in August 2016, according to this latest source, and it was visited a few months later by VIPs such as John Kerry and Buzz Aldrin.  On November 18th, the sources testimony was introduced in a video published by Pete, host of the Creepy Little Book Youtube channel. He says that he decided to go forward in releasing the information since he had found a new source five days ago who had corroborated information gleaned from previous sources about events in Antarctica.  In the comments section of his video, Pete says that his sources are from outside the United States, and are not connected to Corey Goode and David Wilcock. Furthermore, when it comes to his latest whistleblower, Pete affirms that he is confident in the sincerity of the source of this information.  I recommend watching Petes video first before continuing to read this article, which will analyze and connect key points of his testimony to other important information, and assess the reliability of Pete and his new source.  Using information given to him by his whistleblower sources, Pete begins by referring to the advanced technologies found in the frozen city:  This area is in fact an abandoned city like grouping of various structures that were created long ago with technology that far exceeds our current capabilities.    Among the first to refer to a lost under ice city discovery in Antarctica with advanced technologies is Corey Goode, who says he was taken there in January 2017 by an Inner Earth group of beings called the Anshar. Goode says that the most advanced technologies and evidence of extraterrestrial life are being removed prior to any public announcement about the frozen city.  Petes sources refer to Lockheed Martin as the military contractor assigned to lead the excavations, while using legitimate science projects as a cover:  Beginning in 2011 Top Secret explorations and excavations were undertaken by the military contractor Lockheed Martin. With the magnitude and scale of this project defying description a legitimate cover story was created.  Legitimate science projects were created to hide the excavations with massive amounts of funding going to Lockheed in excess of 5 billion. Projects provided cover for thousands of military personnel on the continent despite the Antarctica Treaty.    Indeed, Lockheed was awarded the Antarctic Support Contract by the National Science Foundation in 2011 to provide logistical support for open source science projects. As the worlds largest defense contractor, Lockheed is very adept in conducting Unacknowledged Special Access Programs whereby cover programs are used to hide compartmentalized projects.    Petes sources describe the stringent security procedures in place for the secret Antarctic dig to the frozen city, thereby making it clearer why a major defense contractor like Lockheed was given responsibility for the excavation project.  When drilling reached only 300 meters from the site, which ground penetrating radar had previously pinpointed, according to Pete a significant number of injuries and deaths occurred. He describes a mysterious radiation that affected workers:  What was first thought to be some type of radiation which caused these casualties was later discovered to be something now known as nanowaves.  The only mention of nanowaves in open source scientific literature is a brief mention in the October 2011 edition of Science Direct, which refers to them as: Unexpected undulations produced from deformed nanowires.    Its significant that this mention occurred in 2011, the same year that Lockheed began its covert drilling operations in Antarctica.  Its also noteworthy that medical evacuations have indeed been reported in Antarctica over the years related to drilling projects. The earliest report dates back to June 2001 when up to 12 Raytheon employees were medically evacuated during a covert digging operation down to Lake Vostok, according to veteran researchers Richard Hoagland and Mike Bara.  [S]ome Special Project has, against all scientific and environmental prudence, indeed drilled through the ice into the Lake Vostok eco-system (clandestinely, of course). And, the participants have suddenly found themselves exposed to something for which their bodies literally have no immunity  something not extant in the rest of Earths biosphere for between 13,000 and several million years! After the initial reports of four emergency extractions, the number changed to five  and now twelve McMurdo personnel are supposedly in need of a dangerous, emergency medical evacuation well into the Antarctic winter season.  In June 2016, a National Science Foundation press release says that a Lockheed employee was medically evacuated in the midst of the Antarctic winter. While the plane used was quite small, its possible that this was used as a cover for a larger evacuation process then underway.  According to Petes sources, what had afflicted the employees of Lockheed Martin, and likely Raytheon back in 2001, was nanowaves being emitted from the frozen city. This led to major setbacks that proved to be very expensive for Lockheed:  This setback nearly bankrupted the project with cost overruns and safety issues that would have put Lockheed out of business. The financial burden for said cost over runs had to be shifted to the US Taxpayer. Due to the amount of people involved, Lockheed couldnt just pull out of the project, which led to the creation of the Lockheed subsidiary Leidos who was shoehorned into the project in 2015.  Lockheed was saved from financial collapse by shfting operations and all top level personnel to Leidos who received a $5 billion contract to take over from Lockheed who still remains involved in a diminished capacity.  Such massive funding would explain how Leidos, formerly Science Applications International Corporation, was able to purchase Lockheeds division dealing with Antarctica for $5 billion, as reported by the mainstream media.  Next, Petes sources refer to a no fly zone over the dig site which is located 14 miles from the geographic South Pole. This is significant since Brian, a former Navy flight engineer, reports a no fly zone over a site near the geographic South Pole during a medevac mission back in the 1985/1986 Antarctic summer season.  Another unique issue with South Pole station is that our aircraft was not allowed to fly over a certain area designated 5 miles from the [Amundsen-Scott] station The only thing we saw going over this camp was a very large hole going into the ice. You could fly one of our LC130 into this thing. It was after this medevac mission where we [were] briefed by some spooks (Intelligence Agents I presumed) from Washington DC and told not to speak of the area we overflew.    It is telling that both refer to no fly zones, however there is a discrepancy in terms of the distance from the geographic South Pole. Brian refers to 5 miles, while Petes sources refer to 14 miles. While relatively close, this may mean we are referring to separate sites or entry points that have developed over a 30 year period.  Pete goes on to explain what he was told about the eventual breakthrough into the frozen city:  In August 2016, the dig crews breached ground zero. The name used to refer to the ground level of the city like structures which workers jokingly refer to as Atlantis. The crews by this point were wearing special protective suits to safeguard against the illness. The illness induced by the nanowaves. At ground zero no nanowaves have been detected but the workers still wear safety gear. The access point from the top of the ice sheet down to the two miles depth of ground zero is an elevator shaft bored into the ice. The city is said to be an amazing sight to behold and would likely contain a population between 10 and 15 thousand.  Whats important here is that the breakthrough to the city happened in August 2016, yet the hole near the South Pole was first sighted in 1985/86, and appeared to be operational at the time of Brians overflights as he described in his most recent interview with Linda Moulton Howe in November 2017.  According to Goodes sources, excavations of the frozen city began in 2002. This is consistent with information about the magnetic anomaly discovered near Lake Vostok in 2001, and the covert drilling operations which began there.  Pete finally says that former Secretary John Kerry and Buzz Aldrin were taken to the frozen city, as well as a secondary site which is not known to most workers. He then describes part of what they likely saw:  Im told to imagine the site as a massive city with as many buildings as a metropolis would contain, all devoid of life at least so far as we know. However, there are protocols in place if life is discovered in stasis or otherwise.    Pete has not disclosed the identity of his latest source, nor gone into detail about other sources he has relied upon to learn about Antarctica. He has provided no documentation or direct quotes from any of his sources. Nor has he explained the need for anonymity for any of them, other than referring to a vague warning he received about going public with this information.  At the moment, we only have Petes confidence in his sources credibility. While its understandable for Pete to protect his sources by not giving away too many details about them, much more can be done to help the public understand why he is so confident in their information.  As far as Petes own background is concerned, he has not provided any biographical information about himself. While he comes across in his videos as articulate and analytical, more can be done to present information that affirms his ability to vet confidential sources on a sensitive topic such as Antarctica,  In evaluating the information provided by Petes sources, there are important consistencies with my own research into Antarctica that can be seen in this July 2017 workshop. This information also parallels some of the topics discussed in my upcoming book, tentatively titled: Antarctica: Corporation Foundations of Secret Space Programs (March 2018).  The sale of the Lockheed division handling the Antarctic Support Contract to Leidos in 2015/2016 does explain what appeared to be a puzzling corporate decision at the time. Petes sources provided him a compelling explanation for why this occurred.  Also, the reports of recent medical evacuations due to a mystery illness is consistent with earlier reports of a dig near Lake Vostok, which might be another buried city, or a related outpost that also involved medical evacuations.  There are some important differences as to when the breakthrough actually happened and excavations began of the frozen city. Goode suggested that this happened in 2002, while Petes sources say 2016. Its possible that what Petes sources are describing is the sanitized version of what Goode says he saw in early 2017, the excavations of which began in 2002.  Indeed, Goode warned that an effort would be made to manipulate scientists conducting excavations by removing evidence of extraterrestrial life and advanced technologies, and instead planting evidence from other archeological sites in an attempt to confuse.  Now, another interesting note, we do have these archaeologists and employees of various universities that are down there excavating and documenting all of this, but what they have done, they being the Cabal, I guess youll say, they have used these large electromagnetic submarines that I discussed earlier to take a lot of archaeological items that they had found in other digs that they were keeping suppressed from humanity, they had them in huge warehouses.  They were taking some of these artifacts down to Antarctica and seeding them. And this one large dig that these archaeologists are going to make public.  They are also removing any body that does not look human. And a lot of the human bodies, they dont look like they were slaves. They have tunics that have gold thread weaved in the tunics. They look royal.  So theyre planning on giving us a sanitized disclosure,  On the other hand, Pete suggests that there is a lot of disinformation out there on Antarctica, without explicitly referring to Goode and Wilcock. The implication is clear however since they have been most responsible for disseminating information about secret excavations in Antarctica over the last year.  Petes reference to the discovery of an obelisk with Roman numerals in it at the Antarctica excavation site is a red flag and appears to be an example of the kind of manipulation Goode was warning against. One or more of Petes sources therefore appears suspect either by having fallen for the manipulation, or being complicit in putting out disinformation.  Only by learning more details about Petes sources can we gain greater clarity about what he was told, and whether there is an attempt to manage public perceptions about Antarctica by manipulating archeological evidence currently being excavated there in a sanitized disclosure initiative.  I have attempted to communicate with Pete and hope to learn more about his sources and evaluate their importance for understanding current operations in Antarctica. Based on the consistency in information he has presented with what I have independently found, there is cause for cautious optimism in the emergence of a possible new source of information about the impending disclosure of an ancient city discovered under two miles of ice.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  [Note: I will be visiting Australia in early 2018 to present my research findings on Antarctica in Melbourne (Jan 7) and Sydney (Jan 14).]  Further Reading  (Visited 26,372 times, 2 visits today)  Tags: Antarctica, Corey Goode, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon) = 0
(Was a Space Based Weapons Platform Used Against Hawaii bound Ballistic Missile?  On January 30, the Governor of Hawaii, David Ige, gave a press conference about the result of an official investigation into the January 13 ballistic missile alert that was an alleged false alarm. In the press conference Ige and other state officials gave a detailed account of the scenario that led to the false alarm.  While the official investigation concluded the emergency alert was a false alarm due to human error and a poorly designed reporting process, eyewitnesses continue to emerge saying they saw a meteorite, or something like it, exploding high in the sky over the Hawaii islands only minutes before the alert. Furthermore, eyewitnesses claim to have seen a television story about the exploding meteorite or object, before the news story was pulled.  In a video published on January 14, Marfoogle Watutu [a pseudonym] claims he was told by his sister, a Maui resident, about a tourist boat which carried multiple eyewitnesses to the exploding meteorite:  My sister has lived in Maui for eight years and what she is finding out is that a group of boaters that actually run a tour company say now that they saw something get blown out of the sky.  So, they said it looked like a meteor and then all of a sudden there was a big boom and it lit up the entire sky. It was 8 oclock in the morning. . .  Maybe this was not a drill after all. Maybe our Boys in Blue and Boys in Green shot it down. And I would think that the U.S. would not want to cause more panic if they did try to launch something at Hawaii. Then, of course, they would say it was a mistake. They took responsibility very quickly that it was a mistake. . . This could be bullshit but I just had to relay that. . . [Transcription Source]  Apparently, some of the tourists were interviewed by a local news channel that aired these before the story was pulled.  Marfoogle has to date not released the names of any of the eyewitnesses or the tour boat company involved, making it difficult to confirm his story. He claims that Joe Rogan, a former comedian who now hosts The Joe Rogan Experience, has contacted him and is contemplating doing a report on the incident, and that some of the names have been released to him.  However, in the 500+ comments to Marfoogles video (80,000+ views), several purport to be eyewitnesses to the exploding meteorite and/or the television news story. What follows are the relevant comments as they appeared on January 30, which cast light on what really happened  The following comments focus on an alleged KHON2 news story about the incident, the first of which refers to a tourist boat that was covered in the story and an exploding object.  The above witnesses together, with anonymous sources cited in two previous articles, continue to raise the scenario of an intercepted ballistic missile attack, which is being officially covered up.  Multiple sources claiming that a ballistic nuclear missile had indeed been intercepted, and a cover up is underway were analyzed in my first article on the incident. My second article pointed to a rogue Deep State/CIA faction that may have used a boomer submarine to create a false flag attack, which was intended start a war with North Korea.  As to who was responsible for intercepting the ballistic missile, initial speculation focused on an anti-ballistic missile defense system run by the U.S. Navy.  On January 31, however, the U.S. Navy announced that it had conducted another exercise to intercept a ballistic missile using its Aegis class anti-ballistic missile defense technology. The exercise was the second failure by the Navy to intercept a ballistic missile attack in the past year.  Given that the exercise was conducted less than three weeks since the January 13 incident, it is clear that the U.S. Navy currently does not currently have the capacity for reliably intercepting ballistic missiles.  The announcement of the failed exercise raises an intriguing question. Were U.S. Navy leaders signaling they were not responsible for shooting down the January 13 missile? So then, who did shoot down the ballistic missile?  My initial article focused on the likelihood of a secret space program run by the U.S. Air Force that used space based weapons technologies to shoot down the ballistic missile. Photos taken on October 23, 2017, showed a rectangular shaped UFO in the vicinity of MacDill Air Force Base, Tampa, Florida.  The photographer, JP (who I have known since 2008), claims he had been earlier taken inside the rectangle UFO, and had been informed that was a weapons platform. He says that he witnessed uniformed military personnel wearing the insignia of U.S. Air Force Special Operations who could operate the weapons system.  A Directed Energy Weapons system on a space based weapons platform could have the capacity to reliably shoot down a ballistic missile intended to simulate an attack from North Korea. Unlike anti-missile missiles used in the Navys Aegis defense system which have failed twice in two tests against simulated ballistic missile attacks, a Directed Energy Weapon could send a pulse of laser energy at the speed of light.  A Directed Energy Weapons could therefore easily intercept a ballistic missile in the terminal stage of its flight trajectory where it travels at hypersonic speeds (5x speed of sound).  What gives further credence to the possibility that Maui residents and tourists witnessed a missile being shot down by a Space Based Directed Energy Weapon is the U.S. Air Force surveillance installation on the summit of Haleakala, Maui.  The capabilities of the Maui Space Surveillance Site (MSSS) is described by GlobalSecurity.org as follows:  The Maui Space Surveillance Site (MSSS) includes the Air Force Maui Optical Station (AMOS) is an asset of the US Air Force Materiel Commands Phillips Laboratory. the Maui Optical Tracking and Identification Facility (MOTIF), and a Ground-based Electro-Optical Deep Space Surveillance (GEODSS) site operated by US Air Force Space Command.   The site is the only one of its kind in the world, combining operational satellite tracking facilities (MOTIF and GEODSS) with a research and development facility (AMOS). The MSSS operates primarily at night, but performs many of its SOI missions 24 hours a day.    It is very likely that the Maui Space Surveillance Site was used in the tracking and/or shooting down of the ballistic missile. If so, this would help explain why many Maui residents saw the explosion. It was only during the final stage in the trajectory of the missile attack that a directed energy weapon system could have been used as the Maui facility could help accurately triangulate the missiles position.  Further insight into what happened on the morning of January 13, comes from an anonymous Hickham Air Force Base source on duty at the time of the alert. S/he pointed out the great amount of confusion over the alert which was at different points considered a drill and then a genuine attack by U.S. Pacific Command personnel.  Significantly, s/he points out it was only after a request for a military response to the presumed attacker, North Korea, was declined by the White House that Hawaii local authorities were instructed to say it was all a false alarm.  The confusion over the missile alert being a drill or genuine has the tell-tale characteristics of a false flag attack. Similar confusion has occurred in past false flag events on September 11, 2001 (New York) and July 7, 2005 (London), etc. In these alleged terrorist attacks, military and government authorities were first told about a drill where security forces were instructed to stand down, and then informed that a real attack was occurring by which time it was too late to prevent.  Analysis of this pattern in past alleged false flag attacks has led to the following observation:  The exercise or drill  at the same time, at the same place  has became the sine non qua or indispensable element of the recent false flag operation.    In the Hawaii situation, it appears that cool heads at the White House did not order military retaliation against North Korea after the missile was shot down. President Trump and/or his national security advisors likely suspected that a false flag attack had been attempted.  According to my own efforts to find Hawaii residents willing to testify about witnessing a high altitude object being destroyed, I have been told that police and other authorities are intimidating witnesses into silence.    Consequently, in contrast to the official State of Hawaii report that the January 13 event was a false alarm due to human error, the following conclusions can be offered.  First, a ballistic missile likely carrying a nuclear warhead was destroyed during the final stage of its trajectory by a USAF Secret Space Program using space based Directed Energy Weapons deployed on rectangular shaped weapons platforms.  Second, the Maui Space Surveillance Site helped in the tracking and destruction of the ballistic missile as it neared the Hawaiian Islands, the most likely target being Pearl Harbor, Honolulu.  Third, a drill was scheduled for the morning of January 13, which was intended to create confusion so that a ballistic missile attack could succeed, and the missiles trajectory would point to North Korea as the culprit.  Fourth, the party responsible for the false flag attack is a rogue Deep State/CIA group with its own ballistic nuclear submarines, which are part of a secret Navy apparently called the Dark Fleet.  Fifth, the US Navys January 31 test was intended to let the general public know that it does not yet have the capability of intercepting ballistic missiles, and that the real heroes in tracking and intercepting the nuclear attack on Hawaii was USAF Special Operations.  Further information is needed to determine the accuracy of these conclusions. One thing is pretty clear at this point given the number of insider sources and witnesses that have come forward so far. The official State of Hawaii investigation is a cover-up for a ballistic missile attack, which evidence suggests was a false flag attack using one or more nuclear weapons by a mysterious naval force desiring to start a regional nuclear war.  Thankfully, a classified space based weapons system was most likely used by the USAF Special Operations, thereby giving the U.S. national security planners time to develop an appropriate response to those behind the false flag attack.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 11,902 times, 5 visits today)  Tags: ballistic missile, David Ige, false flag, Hawaii, USAF Special Operations) = 0
(Photos of flying saucer craft & alleged Nordic extraterrestrials  On January 12, a photo was taken of a flying saucer craft with a large rectangular shaped porthole window apparently showing two occupants. According to the photographer, who uses the pseudonym JP to maintain anonymity, the occupants are two Nordic human looking extraterrestrials who were telepathically communicating with him.  JP says that he received a telepathic communication while at a residence about 10 outside of Orlando, Florida where he was told to go outside and look up into the sky. This is what he says he was told in the communication:  Today at 6 oclock I had an amazing contact I was getting telepathic messages inside the house.  Asking me if I wanted to see them. So I was negotiating with them if I could take a picture. I told them that this was really important for Disclosure  The voice in my head that I heard was the Nordics that picked me up in Brazil. [Note: I was first contacted by JP in 2008 about his extraterrestrial encounter in Brazil. M.S.]  They are working with the United States Air Force. Doing missions around Antarctica in outer space. Giving a technology to the Air Force thats overwhelming  That can manipulate any point in the air and open a wormhole to other planets giving coordinates. This technology works in flashes, gives a flash like a lightning [bolt] but no noise  So I go outside and I hear the voice that tells me to look up. I saw them. I was taking but it was not working. My phone was being blacked [out] by some hacker. But I did manage to take some pictures and save it in my phone.  JP provided a sketch of the two alleged Nordics he saw in the spacecraft.  He also supplied three photos of the craft he witnessed which are found in the following video.  The final photo in the sequence appears to validate his claim of witnessing two Nordic extraterrestrials  original photo is available on right.  Whats also pertinent in JPs above telepathic communication is the claim that the group of Nordics in the spacecraft captured in the photos is working with the US Air Force, providing different types of technological support.  On September 14, 2017, JP supplied photos of a cigar shaped craft flying near MacDill Air Force base. He says this craft belongs to extraterrestrials working with USAF Special Operations. JP has also supplied photos of triangle and rectangular antigravity craft flying out of MacDill Air Force Base, some of which have taken him on board.    In one incident on October 23, 2017, he recognized the insignia of the military occupants of a rectangular shaped craft as belonging to USAF Special Operations.    JP recently moved from Tampa to Orlando, Florida, and continues to liaise with the special operations community that wish to recruit him due to his relationship with Nordic extraterrestrials who have provided him information about advanced technologies.  The January 12 photos provided by JP is evidentiary support for his alleged contacts and communications with Nordic extraterrestrials, and may be among the few photos capturing the mysterious occupants of alien spacecraft.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  [Note: Only hours after sending me the photos of the above craft and its occupants, JPs daughter began experiencing convulsions, turned blue and had to be rushed to hospital with a 103 degree F. temperature. Please send your thoughts and prayers to JP and his family.]  Further Reading  (Visited 11,694 times, 2 visits today)  Tags: flying saucers, Nordic extraterrestrials, USAF Special Operations) = 0
(Whistleblower reveals multiple secret space programs concerned about new alien visitors  A new whistleblower has appeared who is creating quite a stir in the UFO and exopolitics communities due to his claims of having worked with a number of secret space programs; and, more recently, having become a contactee with a powerful new group of extraterrestrials that have entered our solar system.  Using the online pseudonym GoodETxSG, the whistleblower (who announced yesterday that his first name is Corey and that he will soon end his anonymity) has described in interviews and posts on two major online forums his former covert background with a number of secret space programs run by various military, corporate and earlier human civilizations. He says that contrary to widespread perceptions in the UFO research community of a single secret space program belonging to a breakaway civilization, that there are in fact up to ten breakaway civilizations indigenous to Earth.  Each of these breakaway civilizations, according to GoodETxSG/Corey has their own secret space program. He says that there are currently three major secret space programs belonging to various national and international entities on Earth. One of these is a large corporate entity similar to what was described in the movie Avatar. The other two are multinational covert space programs that are similar to NATO in their manner of operations and activities. In addition, he says that there are between 5-7 secret space programs belonging to earlier breakaway civilizations on Earth including Nazi Germany, and another dating as far back as an astounding 500,000 years ago!  Adding another level of complexity to what is really happening with the various secret space programs, GoodETxSG says that off-world extraterrestrial civilizations interact or collaborate with one or more of these secret space programs. In a comment responding to the claims of another alleged whistleblower from a secret space program, Randy Cramer (aka Captain Kaye), GoodETxSG summarized the complex situation:  There are many who have been a part of the 3 Separate Secret Space Programs that are independent of the Secret Earth Governments (One of which is a powerful Interplanetary Corporate Conglomerate that owns most of the Mars Bases). There are also 5-7 Ancient Earth Break Away Civilizations that have Bases here on Earth. All of the groups mentioned above are Allied with various and different Off World Entities and UN Type Federations both with the Human Like ETs and the Non-Human ETs (All with DIFFERENT AGENDAs). There is also a Shadow Civil War going on among some of these Secret Space Programs and their Off World Allies to end control of the Secret Earth Governments using the Babylonian Money Magic Slave System to control Earth Humanity.  A significant point concerning security in GoodETxSGs postings is that concerning the threat posed by artificial intelligence. According GoodETxSG, artificial intelligence (AI) has been developed by multiple extraterrestrial civilizations that have created synthetic AI humanoids, only to have them turn against their creators in a manner similar to what was depicted in the remake of the television series, Battlestar Galactica. Consequently, all secret space programs have created security procedures to identify individuals displaying evidence of AI influence.  As a last resort, individuals trained as intuitive empaths were employed to identify AI influence as well as any form of deception. This was the main job that GoodETxSG says he performed during his 20 year tour of duty.  More recently, GoodETxSG claims that up to 100 spherical ships have entered our solar system possessing technology far in advance to anything used by the different secret space programs and their respective extraterrestrial allies. GoodETxSG says that extraterrestrials from this Sphere Alliance, have been physically contacting him and other private individuals to disclose information about major new events that will profoundly change life on Earth. He says that this Sphere Alliance is assisting humanity in breaking free of the control exerted by powerful elite organizations on Earth, what he calls the Babylonian Money Magic Slave System.  GoodETxSGs claims that he and 70 other private citizens were recently taken to a secret space location for an Alliance Conference where along with about 120 others representing the different secret space programs, the Sphere Alliance revealed some of their plans. Among the extraterrestrials from this alliance who interacted with the conference delegates, according to GoodETxSG is a Blue Avian race up to 8 feet tall, and a taller 10 foot thin golden brown being with triangular head and blue eyes. The Sphere Alliance apparently is intent on helping bring about full disclosure of extraterrestrial life.  GoodETxSG has been sharing his information with David Wilcock who apparently vetted GoodETxSG with other confidential sources and found him to be credible. Wilcock has subsequently incorporated GoodETxSGs testimony into a number of public presentations attempting to outline the full complexity of issues concerning secret space programs and visiting extraterrestrial life. Wilcock is a major proponent of the idea that extraterrestrial disclosure is imminent due to the collapse of the elite control system that has been in place for centuries. He accepts GoodETxSGs information as validation for his optimistic pro-disclosure position. Before offering my own evaluation of GoodETxSGs claims, its good to review what is known about his recent public activities.  GoodETxSG first became widely known because of two audio interviews he did that were initially promoted through the Project Avalon forum in Oct 2014. He previously had been a long time member of Project Avalon where he had shared personal information, but not his covert background in various secret space programs. That changed in Sept 2014 when he consented to do an informal sit down conversation with a Project Avalon member on behalf of the forums founder Bill Ryan. The conversation was intended to be used solely for Ryans personal research but GoodETxSG was persuaded to have it published on Project Avalon with the proviso that all steps would be taken to keep his identity anonymous. While this introduced a wide audience to GoodETxSGs experiences with different secret space programs, this ultimately led to his identity being exposed on the forum, and ultimately a break with Ryan and Project Avalon. Currently GoodETxSGs is posting on a new forum, The One Truth, where he is answering questions and informing members of new developments. He also has a website which has much of the information he has shared on the two forums.  How credible is GoodETxSG? According to Wilcock, GoodETxSGs testimony is consistent with multiple other insider sources discussing secret space program and extraterrestrial life. In my own database of whistleblowers, contactees, leaked documents and breaking news on the secret space program(s), I have found nothing awry in GoodETxSGs claims. His claim of separate space programs is consistent with Randy Cramers claims that he served with the Earth Defense Force (a multinational alliance) for 17 years on Mars to defend five civilian bases belonging to the Mars Colony Corporation. In his alleged 17 years on Mars, Cramer claims he never once ventured into the Mars Colony Corporation facilities, even for R & R. That appeared strange to me when I first heard of it. That degree of formal separation between military and corporate bases on Mars, however, supports GoodETxSGs claims of separate space programs.  GoodETxSG claims that he served a 20 year tour of service with the secret space program(s) before being age-regressed back to a time shortly after his duty began. Essentially this allowed him to live a 20 year time-span twice. Also, his memories were wiped or blank-slated and GoodETxSG, now a civilian, was encouraged not to rejoin any military service in case that triggered memory recall of his prior 20 year service. This is consistent with the claims of Michael Relfe (The Mars Record) and Randy Cramer (Earth Defense Force) who say they went through a similar security process.  Furthermore, GoodET discusses 22 ET races that have genetically intervened with the human genome. They comprise a UN Type Federation of Off World beings interested in humanity. This is consistent with the testimony of the contactee Alex Collier who claims that extraterrestrials from Andromeda had revealed to him that a total of 22 extraterrestrials races provided the genetic material for humanity:  In a nut shell, we are a composite of a lot of different races, 22 to be exact. It is a physiological fact that there are 22 different body types on the planet. And that is the result of the extraterrestrial races.  While there has been no concrete evidence offered to corroborate the testimony of GoodETxSG, his claims are consistent with those of other whistleblowers and/or contactees on a number of significant issues. Its clear from anyone viewing the extensive postings and commentary by GoodETxSG, that he sincerely believes that his claims are based on truthful events and experiences. Nevertheless, it is always possible for an individual to sincerely pass on implanted memories as truthful testimony even though they have been fabricated to serve the agenda of one or more shadowy intelligence corporate organizations,  In the original 1962 film, Manchurian Candidate, mind controlled military personnel were given false memories and programmed to act in ways that served the interests of shadowy entities behind the scenes. Project MKUltra was exposed to be a real CIA mind control program by the 1976 Church Senate Committee that targeted thousands of individuals. Mind control through the use of false implanted memories would over the decades have become even more sophisticated with the development of more powerful computers. Its possible or even likely that implanted memories have been used for those that have previously served in secret space programs and undergone a blank slate mind control experience when reverting to civilian life. This would enable former covert space operatives, now working as private civilians, to continue to be of use in any psychological warfare operations against the US or world public. Its important to point out that the Edward Snowden NSA document leaks confirm that online covert operatives have indeed been used to subvert the public about the UFO issue.  Different mind control techniques used on former secret space program personnel does not mean that ALL recovered memories are false or compromised. Individuals may be programmed to release genuine information along with disinformation as a means of an agency fulfilling an agenda that evolves with time. Its also possible that former secret space program personal have been able to successfully remove most if not all implanted memories or mind programming. Its worth mentioning that in the cases of Michael Relfe and Randy Cramer, both underwent years of extensive deprogramming to remove signs of mind control, and get to the truth of their experiences.  At this stage, its vital to separate GoodETxSGs claims of 20 years service with multiple space programs with his more recent claims of being an extraterrestrial contactee. Importantly, the latter experiences from his public statements so far, provide information about current off-world events that can be corroborated by others attending the alleged Sphere Alliance conferences. If 70 private individuals attended the same event, it can be expected that some will soon also go public and offer their versions of what happened. Significantly, there does not appear to be any mind control involved in GoodETxSGs claimed contact experiences. If confirmed by others stepping forward, his contactee experiences will support the validity of his claimed earlier experiences with secret space programs.  Researchers need to be very cautious when examining testimony of whistleblowers that have been subjected to mind control as a standard security measure during their alleged service in one or more secret space programs. GoodETxSG/Corey may very well be one of the most significant whistleblowers ever to come forward with his claims of twenty years service with multiple secret space programs if confirmation can be found. His current revelations about an alien Sphere Alliance may be even more significant if events transpire as he suggests, and also offer a means of confirming his alleged prior covert service. At the moment its important to keep an open mind while remaining cautious when examining the full extent of GoodETxSGs/Coreys claims concerning multiple secret space programs, and their reactions to a powerful new group of visiting extraterrestrials supportive of full disclosure.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Reagan records & Space Command antigravity fleet  Whistleblower reveals serving for 3 years on secret space fleet  Artistic Recreation of Extraterrestrial Visiting Space Shuttle released by former Space Craft Operator  ExoNews TV: Whistleblower claims he served 17 years at secret Mars military base  Mars whistleblower reveals more of his covert military service  (Visited 165,742 times, 28 visits today)  Tags: Captain Kaye, extraterrestrial life, GoodETxSG, Nazi Germany, secret space programs, UFOs) = 0
(Has Extraterrestrial Manipulation Ended making possible 1000 years of Human Freedom?  A consortium of extraterrestrial races conducting long term genetic engineering of humanity has been told to end its historic interference according to Secret Space Program insider Corey Goode. As a result of this, and related galactic diplomacy developments, he says that humanity is about to embark on a thousand years of uninterrupted peaceful development as a fully autonomous member of the galactic community.  Goode has just released an extensive update with his latest experiences involving extraterrestrials, Inner Earth entities and secret space programs in a joint article written with New York Times best selling author David Wilcock. While Goodes update may read like a science fiction space opera, his Cosmic Disclosure Gaia TV interview series with Wilcock has generated hundreds of thousands of views, and a devoted following convinced of the veracity of his claims.  In my own research of Goodes claims since March 2015, I have not found any evidence of fraud or deception. Instead there has been much circumstantial evidence supporting his claims which have been detailed in a number of articles, and more extensively in a 2015 book comprehensively examining his claims in light of such evidence along with corroborating witness testimony.  The most recent examples of circumstantial evidence concern Goodes revelations of extensive underground facilities in the Moon where large bases had been secretly built. In 2017, scientists confirmed the existence of massive lava tubes in the Moon which could support large cities. The size of the Moons caverns were large enough to fit a large metropolitan city, as illustrated in the following diagram showing how Philadelphia could easily fit inside one of them.  In his latest update, Goode discusses being taken into the Moon where he traveled through its network of lava tubes.  There is an extensive amount of information in Goodes portion of the joint article which is over 10,000 words. Given the extensive material, I will focus on arguably the most significant event, which concerns what he was told about the extraterrestrial consortium, the Super Federation, being compelled to end its long term genetic experiments.  To read the other issues raised by Goode in his update, you can visit the latest post by Wilcock on his Divine Cosmos website. All quotes that follow are extracted from the joint Goode and Wilcock article.    Goode begins by describing how he was taken to a Super Federation meeting:  In one of these dream-state communications I was told that I should prepare for a series of meetings with the Super Federation and the Council at Saturn in the next few days.  On Saturday, December 16, 2017, at a little after 3:30 AM, a blue orb appeared in my room. I got up and put on the nice clothes that I had laid out next to my bed the night before.  I then faced the orb and indicated that I was ready to be transported.  Goode described being taken to a temporal anomaly near Jupiter housing a large diplomatic facility where the Super Federation conducts its regular Assembly. He has previously discussed participating in various roles as part of an Earth delegation in the Assembly.  In his update, Goode discussed his new role where he would address the entire Assembly as a spokesperson for the Sphere Being Alliance, a recently arrived group of higher density extraterrestrials (6th-9th) whose abilities and technologies far exceed those of the extraterrestrials running the long term genetic programs on Earth.  I was starting to get a bit shaky when I figured I would just get it over with. I thought to myself, I am ready. Immediately, Tear-Eir and the Golden Triangle Being were standing behind me, very much in the same manner as when they had first appeared with me in front of the SSP Alliance at the LOC.  Goode has previously described Tear-Eir as a 6th density being who has mentored him since 2013, and appointed him to play the critical role as the Sphere Being Alliances delegate at a meeting at Lunar Operations Command (LOC) in March 2015, before a consortium of human space programs called the Secret Space Program (SSP) Alliance.  Goode states that the process of appointing a normal citizen to represent the Sphere Being Alliance in diplomatic negotiations with the major space powers and extraterrestrial groups in a solar system has been repeatedly followed in our local stellar cluster of 52 star systems.  It appears that this diplomatic formula has been used to overcome the usual power disparity where the will of normal planetary citizens are ignored by planetary elites and their extraterrestrial patrons. Goode certainly appears to be a good choice for such delegate as he has a common touch that appeals to many watching his interviews.  Goode was chosen by the Sphere Being Alliance, to overcome this power disparity on Earth, and give the normal citizenry of our planet a voice in diplomatic negotiations concerning their future:  Tear-Eir addressed me and said Repeat everything exactly as I communicate it to you, to which I nodded in agreement. I then turned to the delegation once more and began to speak.  I then spoke the words We greet you in the love and light of the one infinite creator at which time both Tear-Eir and the Golden Triangle being put their palms forward and bowed. I mimicked what they did. I felt a very deliberate yet loving energy coming from Tear-Eir.  He was having me address groups of beings by both their name and where they came from. Tear-Eir began to discuss cosmic agreements over these programs that have been made and broken over oceans of time. It seems that each of the 52 stars in our local star cluster have gone through similar programs.  Tear-Eir then announced that the Super Federation as they knew it would soon be disbanded, as had been done in countless other star systems in accordance with cosmic Law.  Tear-Eir further stated that soon 2 more Guardian Races would come to replace the Blue Avians and Golden Triangle Beings. At that point, the new Guardians would guide the Super Federation through consolidating and closing down these programs.  Goode then described a vehement protest by the extraterrestrial races in the Assembly, who were then reminded of the superior technological power possessed by the Sphere Being Alliance (aka Guardian Group) that had been militarily exercised in previous past situations:  Tear-Eir then had me say remember the Ponce System. I had a flash of some sort of military conflict between a few of the Super Federation groups and a Guardian group that was enforcing a similar situation in a far-away star system, long ago.  The incident seemed significant to everyone present, except the Earth Delegation and myself. The delegates returned to their seats and waited for me to address them again.  What Goode just described appeared to be a veiled threat by the Sphere Being Alliance/Guardians that basically forced the Super Federation to accept the terms that had been laid before them. He went on:  Tear-Eir then had me state, Humanity has had much to overcome. In this new phase, this council will soon disband.  Humanitys Cosmic Family will assist them in healing and guiding them through the management of their own genetic and spiritual growth.  This council will attend to its members incarnated on Earth, until which time humanity requests that you remove them.  Humanity will be offered an official seat at a new Super Federation Council.  These Cosmic Family members will use their experiences as a part of these programs to help guide this council in further ongoing programs across this Galaxy.  Soon after, Gonzales, a pseudonym for a U.S. Navy officer that has worked closely with Goode in his space encounters since 2015, spoke about the significance of the development:  He said Do you know what this means? I looked at him and said, Humanity will not be controlled and experimented on by dozens of ET races who think they are gods?  He smiled and said, They are the gods from our myths. But, yes. And it means that the Galactic Federation, which the Sphere Being Alliance is a part of, will now assist us with the Draco Empire.  They will not remove them for us, but will provide support that allows us to clean up our own house. We will really only have to contend with the AI threat until the series of solar events clear them from the Sol System.  Goode was next informed about a 1000 year galactic energy anomaly that will make possible an era of unprecedented human evolution and development:  I was shocked and said, The Sphere Being Alliance is non-violent; how will they confront the reptilians? He said, I think we will have to watch that play out together. After the series of solar events, the Draco will be energetically expelled from this system.  An incompatible energy will emanate from the Sun for about a thousand years.  Many reptilians will try to remain hidden on Earth in temporal fields and within heavily shielded bases deep in the Earth, as they have for prior cycles.  Humans will be responsible for rooting them out of their hiding places.  During that time, the Draco will be unable to return to this system.   I asked, Why for only a thousand years? Gonzales looked at me and said, Sounds Biblical, doesnt it?  The Earth is near a Super Gate. Those are quite special. The only alternative is to block their access to a system the super-gate is near. After Humanity has been through disclosure and the solar events, the reptilians will be of little threat.  I asked Who manages this energy field for the thousand-year period?  He stated, The thousand-year energy fields seem to be a natural part of the cosmic webs cycles and energy flow.  He stated that according to his info, this thousand-year cycle is not something set up by Galactic Federation assets.  Goode has not offered any hard evidence to support his claims. Aside from some circumstantial evidence and corroborating claims by insiders such as the recently deceased William Tompkins, Dr. Pete Peterson, and others known to David Wilcock, there appears little to corroborate his incredible claims.  The lack of hard evidence has led to some critics claiming Goode is a fraud, and even led to an extreme form of character assassination against him and his closest associates. However, a close examination of two of the most well-known critics shows they deliberately omitted and skewed important background data that supported Goodes professional background. This doesnt prove Goodes testimony to be genuine, only that persistent efforts to discredit or debunk him fail to be persuasive.  Goodes testimony is ground breaking and until there is clear evidence showing him misrepresenting or concocting events, he deserves to be taken seriously given the strong public interest in his case, and growing fan base. If his testimony is accurate, as I continue to believe is the case, then he may just have participated in major off-planet diplomatic meetings that directly impact humanitys future, and ushers in an unprecedented 1000 year age of freedom from extraterrestrial interference.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 19,653 times, 1 visits today)  Tags: Corey Goode, David Wilcock, extraterrestrial life) = 0
(First man on moon dies along with secrets of what he saw  Neil Armstrong, the first man to walk on the moon died today from heart failure. For many, Armstrong is the all-American hero who performed the seemingly impossible. He fulfilled President Kennedys vision of putting a man on the moon before the end of the decade. Armstrongs walk on the moon was televised and witnessed by hundreds of millions around the planet. For many it was an unforgettable experience and sparked hopes of a bright future for human space travel. What Armstrong experienced that day on the moon has been marked by controversy over a two minute period of radio silence that surprised viewers and fueled many theories over what really happened. According to alleged leaked government documents and photographs, Armstrong did not just see the barren landscape televised to millions, but something much more significant. According to NASA insiders and an alleged ham radio transmission intercept, what Armstrong witnessed that day changed his life, and led to the eventual abandonment of the manned lunar missions. According to alleged leaked documents, two huge extraterrestrial spacecraft watched the Apollo 11 landing, and observed the Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin moon walks.  During the Apollo 11 moon landing, there was a two minute period of radio silence. According to NASA, the problem arose from one of two television cameras overheating, thus disrupting the reception. What really happened, according to various sources, was that Armstrong and Aldrin saw something else watching them! According to Timothy Good, author of Above Top Secret (1988) HAM radio operators receiving the VHF signals transmitted from Apollo 11 to NASAs Houston headquarters, intercepted the following message which NASA screened from the public in the missing two minutes:  Mission Control: Whats there ? Mission Control calling Apollo 11. Apollo 11: These babies are huge, sir  enormous.Oh, God, you wouldnt believe it! Im telling you there are other space craft out there lined up on the far side of the crater edge theyre on the moon watching us. (Above Top Secret, p. 384.)  The HAM operators radio intercept was widely dismissed by the media, but in 1975 it received unexpected support. Maurice Chatelain, is a retired NASA communications engineer who helped develop the communications system used in the Apollo moon missions. In his 1975 book, Our Cosmic Ancestors, he wrote:  [O]nly moments before Armstrong stepped down the ladder to set foot on the Moon, two UFOs hovered overhead. Edwin Aldrin took several pictures of them. Some of these photographs have been published in the June 1975 issue of Modern People magazine. (p. 25)  Later, in 1979, Chatelain said that Armstrongs sighting of two UFOs over a lunar crater was being deliberately kept from the media and public by NASA: The encounter was common knowledge in NASA, but nobody has talked about it until now. l Even more remarkably, Chatelain claimed that:  all Apollo and Gemini flights were followed, both at a distance and sometimes also quite closely, by space vehicles of extraterrestrial origin  flying saucers, or UFOs, if you want to call them by that name. Every time it occurred, the astronauts informed Mission Control, who then ordered absolute silence.  Was the missing two minutes of radio silence during the Apollo 11 moon landing an attempt by NASA to cover up what Armstrong really saw on the moon? Were UFO sightings a common occurrence during Apollo missions?  According to Buzz Aldrin in a number of press interviews, Apollo 11 was indeed watched by a UFO during its journey to the moon. Aldrin describes how the Apollo 11 astronauts avoiding mentioning the word UFO in reporting what they were witnessing, and instead asked Houston about the location of the Saturn V launch rocket. Aldrins admission that Apollo 11 was being shadowed by a UFO does give credence to belief that UFOs did witness the moon landing, and Armstrong had reported this to NASA in a radio communication that resulted in the missing two minutes of radio silence. Aldrins admission also supports Chatelains claim that one or more extraterrestrial vehicles watched the Apollo 11 moon landing as Chatelain claimed in his book.  Is there any other source supporting the controversial claims that Neil Armstrong had witnessed two huge extraterrestrial vehicles over a lunar crater watching the Apollo 11 moon landing. According to Timothy Good, Dr Vladimir Azhazha, a physicist and Professor of Mathemeatics at Moscow University at the time:  Neil Armstrong relayed the message to Mission Control that two large, mysterious objects were watching them afte3r having landed near the moon module. But his message was never head by the public  because NASA censored it. (Above Top Secret, p. 384)  So why did NASA eventually terminate the Apollo missions if extraterrestrial visitors were there and watching the Earth? The answer according to Armstrong, as relayed by an unnamed Professor at a NASA symposium is as follows:  Professor: What really happened out there with Apollo 11?  Armstrong: It was incredible  of course, we had always known there was a possibility  the fact is, we were warned off. There was never any questions then of a space station or a moon city.  Professor: How do you mean warned off?  Armstrong: I cant go into details, except to say that their ships were far superior to ours both in size and technology  Boy, where they big!  and menacing . No, there is no question of a space station.  Professor: But NASA had other missions after Apollo 11?  Armstrong: Naturally  NASA was committed at that time, and couldnt risk a panic on earth. But it really was a quick scoop and back again. (Above Top Secret, p. 186)  So whats the truth? Did Neil Armstrong really see extraterrestrial vehicles on the moon, who eventually warned NASA not to return? With Armstrongs death we will perhaps never have his personal version of what really happened on that July day in 1969. Perhaps NASA will one day release an official version of what really happened, or have they already done so through a fictional movie admission by Buzz Aldrin? In the movie Transformers: Dark of the Moon, Buzz Aldrin comes forward to reveal a version of the truth about what he and Armstrong saw on the moon. In the movie he says on a secret black operations radio line to NASA, during public radio silence, while on the moon:  Buzz Aldrin: You cannot believe what were seeing  Black Ops NASA Technician: We are not alone after all, are we?  Buzz Aldrin: No, sir. Were not alone.  If the above events are true, it must have been very difficult for Armstrong to keep official silence about what he really saw on the moon for over four decades. Perhaps that explains his reclusive nature after the lunar missions, and public reticence in describing his personal experiences on the moon. If so, he remained true to his word and kept silence despite any personal reservations to the contrary. Neil Armstrong was an American Patriot to the end.   Copyright 2012. Michael E. Salla. Exopolitics.org Permission is granted to include extracts of this article on websites and email lists with a link to the original. This article is copyright  and should not be added in its entirety on other websites or email lists without authors permission.  Further Reading  (Visited 270,598 times, 28 visits today)  Tags: Apollo 11, extraterrestrial life, Neil Armstrong, UFOs) = 0
(by Brett Tingley March 13, 2018 (mysteriousuniverse.org)   Between 1966 and 1967, the number of UFO reports in Canada increased by over 400%, and several government departments began taking serious interest.   Canadian ufologist, Chris Rutkowski, has recently uncovered 27 pages of documents in Canadas national archives detailing six UFO cases that were reported by Wing Commander Douglas Robertson in 1967.   The documents include written reports, photographs of various UFOs, anomalous radar sightings, and even crop circles. They are divided into seven categories: 1) hoaxes, 2) mass hysteria, 3) psychological suggestion, 4) misinterpretation of natural events, 5) advanced military technology, 6) sightings likely due to psychological conditions, and 7) unusual sightings or UFOs.   Among these documents is the Falcon Lake incident, one of Canadas most famous encounters. The Ministry of Defence found evidence of radioactivity which corroborates eyewitness testimony, and that scientists were unable to explain the anomaly, noting a satisfactory ending or conclusion is still lacking.   In another incident, a man reported a UFO flying over trees near Clear Water Bay and found evidence of wilted leaves on the trees. The Department of Forestry were unable to explain the reason for the wilting.   Is this new evidence meant to placate us just a little longer, keeping our attention on the government bureaucracies which hide these secrets as opposed to on the skies?  Given all of the declassified files and recordings of unexplained aerial phenomena being made public in the United States, its no surprise that other countries including Americas closest neighbors would begin disclosing their own interest in or knowledge of UFOs. Case in point: a new trove of documents have been released which shed light on the Canadian governments role in researching UFO phenomena. What will these add to the growing body of declassified UFO files?  Noted Canadian ufologist Chris Rutkowski uncovered the documents in Canadas national archives and recently posted them to his blog Ufology Research. The 27 pages of documents detail six UFO cases recorded in 1967 and were prepared by Wing Commander Douglas Robertson. It is unknown to whom the documents were presented, though Rutkowski speculates it could have been for a newly-appointed Minister of Defence. Between 1966 and 1967, UFO reports went up by over 400% in Canada and several government departments began taking serious interest in these phenomena.  The documents ultimately breakdown numerous sightings and reports into seven categories: hoaxes, mass hysteria or psychological suggestion, misinterpretations of natural events, advanced or unknown military technology, and sightings likely due to psychological conditions. However, the report does list a category which includes truly anomalous sightings defined as unusual sightings which the viewer is unable to identify or explain, namely, UFOs. The document also contains references to various educational and medical institutions which aided the Ministry of Defence in debriefing, interviewing, and assessing witnesses.  READ ENTIRE ARTICLE  FAIR USE NOTICE: This page contains copyrighted material the use of which has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. ExoNews.org distributes this material for the purpose of news reporting, educational research, comment and criticism, constituting Fair Use under 17 U.S.C  107. Please contact the Editor at ExoNews with any copyright issue.) = 0
(Secret Space Programs, Sphere Being Alliance & Corey Goode Testimony  This webpage was created as a resource for those wishing to learn more about Corey Goodes testimony about Secret Space Programs and the Sphere Being Alliance. Interviews and articles in each category are in chronological order, and will be regularly updated.  Latest Updates  March 20, 2018  Cosmic Disclosure (S10E5): March 20, 2018  Cosmic Disclosure (S10E5): Bioship (transcript click here  Corey Goode Reports & Updates    June 9, 2015  Human Elite Attempt to Negotiate Cessation of SSP Alliance Disclosure in Latest Conference [for related exopolitical analysis  click here]  June 22, 2015  Joint SSP, Sphere Alliance & ICC Leadership Conference & Tour of Mars Colony on 6.20.2015 [for related exopolitical analysis  click here]  July 9, 2015 The Lt. Col. Gonzales SSP Council Delegation Briefings Part 1 [for related exopolitical analysis  click here]  Corey Goode  Email Interviews & Briefings    April 07, 2015  Secret Space Programs more complex than previously thought  April 14, 2015  Recruitment & Covert Service for Secret Space Programs  April 14, 2015  Ancient space programs & human-extraterrestrial alliance meetings  May 12, 2015  Extraterrestrial alliance helps secret space program overcome opposition to full disclosure  May 20, 2015  Corporate bases on Mars and Nazi infiltration of US Secret Space Program  May 20, 2015  Multiple Moon bases & U.S. Military Space Shuttles as cover programs  May 31, 2015  Secret Space War halts as Extraterrestrial Disclosure Plans move forward  May 31, 2015  Galactic Human Slave Trade & AI threat to End with Full Disclosure of ET Life  June 11, 2015  Secret Space Program Conferences discuss full disclosure & humanitys future  July 23, 2015  Corey Goode on Secret Space Program: Gaiam Q&A  Aug 4, 2015  Reagan Speech about Alien Threat linked to Secret UN Interstellar Space Fleet  April 7, 2016  Rob Potter and VOL with Corey Goode and the Blue Avians Pt 1  March 19, 2017  US Air Force Officials Investigate Claims of Secret Navy Space Program  March 21, 2017  Secret Presidential Memorandum issued to Declassify Anti-aging & Free Energy Technologies  March 23, 2017  Antarctic Ice Shelf Destabilized as Race for Ancient Alien Artifacts & New Weapons Heats Up  June 22, 2017  World Religions Unite as Prelude to Extraterrestrial Disclosure  Oct 9, 2017  Trump to Use Space Weapons against North Korea to begin Secret Space Program Disclosure  Oct 13, 2017  Illegal Military Research and Development in Antarctica  Video Interviews with Corey Goode    July 21, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (Ep.1): The Message for Humanity (for transcript click here, for review click here)  July 21, 2015  Ep. 2: First Encounter (for transcript click here)  July 21, 2015  Ep. 3: Lunar Operations Command (for transcript click here, for summary click here);  July 21, 2015  Ep. 4: Life on the Research Vessel (for transcript click here)  July 28, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (Ep.5): We are One (for transcript click here, for Ep. review click here)  Aug 4, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (Ep. 6): Sleeping Giants (for transcript click here, for Ep. review click here)  Aug 11, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (Ep. 7): Mars Colony Colony Inspection (for transcript click here, for Ep. review click here)  Aug 18, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (Ep. 8): Global Galactic League of Nations (for transcript click here, for Ep. review click here; for summary click here)  August 19, 2015  Beyond Belief: MILAB Recruiting Process with Corey Goode  Aug 25, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (Ep. 9): Electric Sun (for transcript click here, for Ep. review click here; for summary, click here)  Sept 1, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (Ep. 10): Awakening the Pineal Gland (for transcript click here, for ep. review click here)  Sept 8, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (Ep. 11): Potential of Human Consciousness (for transcript click here, for analysis click here)  Sept 15, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (Ep. 12): Portals: Cosmic Web (for transcript click here, for analysis click here)  Sept 22, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (Ep. 13): Portals: Navigating Time (for transcript click here: for summary and analysis click here)  Sept 22, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (Ep. 14): Portals: Parallel Earth (for transcript click here:for summary and analysis click here)  Sept 29, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (S2E1): Contact is Made (for transcript click here; for exopolitical analysis click here; for summary and further analysis click here)  Oct 6, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (S2E2): Agarthans: Advancing the Frontier (for transcript click here: for exopolitical analysis click here; for summary and further analysis click here)  Oct 13, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure: Special Report (S2E3): The Gonzales Enigma  (for transcript click here; for analysis and summary click here)  Oct 20, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (S2E4): Breakaway Begins (for transcript click here; for analysis and summary click here)  Oct 23, 2015 -Buzzsaw with Sean Stone: Secret Space Program Alien Psychic Wars with Corey Goode  Oct 27, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (S2E5): Raiders: Lost Technology (for transcript click here; for exopolitical analysis click here)  Nov 3, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (S2E6): We Were Never Alone (for transcript click here; for summary and analysis click here)  Nov 10, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (S2E7): Remnants: Ancient Mars (for transcript click here; for exopolitical analysis click here)  Nov 2015  Beyond Belief: Shadows of the Cabal with Corey Goode -(for transcript click here)  Nov 17, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (S2E8): Finding Life on Mars (for transcript click here; for summary and analysis click here)  Nov 24, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure (S2E9): Colonizing Mars (for transcript click here; for exopolitical analysis click here)  Feb 28, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E9): Corroborating the Evidence with Michael Salla (for transcript click here)  March 7, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E10): Disclosure and the Secret Underground War (for transcript click here)  March 14, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E11): Tracing the Roots of the SSP with Michael Salla (for transcript click here)  March 21, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E12): Viewer Questions Part 6 (for transcript click here)  March 28, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E13): Pushing the Limits of Disclosure with John Lear (for transcript click here)  April 4, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E14): Secrets of the Apollo Missions with William Tompkins (for transcript click here)  April 11, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E15): Viewer Questions Part 7 (for transcript click here)  April 18, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E16): Astral Projection and Our Place in the Universe with William Tompkins (for transcript click here)  April 25, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E17): Allying with the MIC SSP (for transcript click here)  May 23, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E21): Boyd Bushmans Deathbed Testimonial (for transcript click here)  May 30, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E22): Cosmic Disclosure: Zero Point Energy and Advanced Propulsion Technology (for transcript click here)  June 6, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E23): Analyzing Joseph Skippers Photo Archive (for transcript click here)  June 13, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E24): Wormholes and Breakaway Civilizations with Mark McCandlish (for transcript click here)  June 20, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E25): Cosmic Disclosure: Darkness on the Far Side of the Moon with Niara Isley (for transcript click here)  June 27, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E26): Viewer Questions 8: Protocols and Loopholes (for transcript click here)  July 4 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E27): The Shadow Cold War (for transcript click here)  July 11 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E28): Viewer Questions 9: Time Travel and The Future (for transcript click here)  July 18 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E29) Testimony on Pyramids and Underground Cities (for transcript click here)  July 25 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E30): UFOs under Antarctica and the Five-Fingered Mystery (for transcript click here)  Aug 1 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E31): Three-Fingered Technology with Pete Peterson (for transcript click here)  Aug 8, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S7E32): The Grand Experiment (for transcript click here)  Aug 15, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E01): David Adair Bio(for transcript click here)  Aug 15, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E02): The Original Rocket Man with David Adair (for transcript click here)  Aug 22, 17  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E03): The Descent Into Area 51 with David Adair (for transcript click here)  Aug 29, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E04): Timeline Splits and Diversionary Tactics (for transcript click here)  Sep 5, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E05): Remembering William Tompkins  Disrupting Draco Domination (for transcript click here)  Sep 12, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E06): Viewer Questions 10: Ascension Concerns and End Times Madness (for transcript click here)  Sep 19, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E07): The Ascension of Earth (for transcript click here)  Sep 26, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E08): Viewer Questions 11: Preparing for Ascension (for transcript click here)  Oct 3, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E09): Zuni Disclosure with Clifford Mahooty (for transcript click here)  Oct 10, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E10): Hopi and Zuni Prophecies with Clifford Mahooty (for transcript click here)  Oct 17, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E11): Alchemy and The Law of One (for transcript click here)  Oct 24, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E12): Encounters with Three-Fingered Beings with Pete Peterson (for transcript click here)  Nov 1, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E13): Viewer Questions 12: Repressed Disclosures and Coordinated Communications (transcript click here)  Dec 5, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S9E1): Guide to Non-Terrestrial Beings (transcript click here)  Dec 12, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S9E2): Emery Smith  Whistleblower(transcript click here)  Dec 19, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S9E3): Inner Earth In Crisis (transcript click here)  Dec 26, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S9E4): Operation Chaos (transcript click here)  Jan 2, 2018  Cosmic Disclosure (S9E6): Technologies of the Secret Base (transcript click here)  Jan 9, 2018  Cosmic Disclosure (S9E7): Clones and Programmable Life Forms (transcript click here)  Jan 16, 2018  Cosmic Disclosure (S9E8): Staged Alien Abductions (transcript click here)  Jan 23, 2018  Cosmic Disclosure (S9E9): Hybrid Creatures and Secret Bases (transcript click here)  Jan 30, 2018  Cosmic Disclosure (S9E10): Secrets at the South Pole (transcript click here)  March 20, 2018  Cosmic Disclosure (S10E5): March 20, 2018  Cosmic Disclosure (S10E5): Bioship (transcript click here  Exopolitics articles discussing Corey Goodes Testimony  March 27, 2015  Whistleblower reveals multiple secret space programs concerned about new alien visitors  April 14, 2015  Comparative Analysis: Corey/GoodETxSG & Randy Cramer/Capt Kaye  May 23, 2015  Secret moon base uses abducted humans as slave labor  May 30, 2015  Nazi SS slave empire created through US secret space programs  June 07, 2015  Bio-technology hybrids open the door to extraterrestrial AI robots replacing humanity  June 09, 2015  Global elites offer to begin limited disclosure of extraterrestrial life & technology in Nov 2015 [for related Corey Goode Report  click here]  June 13, 2015  Computer hacking linked to extraterrestrial disclosure & future War Crimes trials  June 16, 2015  Full ET disclosure plan involves document dumps & whistleblowers coming forward  June 20, 2015  Extraterrestrial contact: international law & crimes against humanity  June 22, 2015  Mission to Mars investigates claims of slave labor at secret corporate base [for related Corey Goode Report  click here]  June 25, 2015  Overthrowing a Mars Colony Dictator: British Elite Prepare for the Real Thing  June 26, 2015  US Congress to Protect Slave Labor on Mars & Corporate Space Colonies  June 29, 2015  Evidence grows for secret space program disclosures & crimes against humanity trials  July 2, 2015  Whistleblowers reveal breathable air on Mars & secret corporate bases  July 4, 2015  Jade Helm offers Strategic Opportunity to Prevent Alien Artificial Intelligence Takeover  July 6, 2015  Greek No to Austerity May Lead to Disclosure of Secret European Space Program  July 9, 2015  Secret Space Programs & Alien Disclosures may lead to World War if Elites not given Amnesty [for related Corey Goode Report  click here]  July 15, 2015  Second Eyewitness Report of Secret Space Meetings discussing Alien Disclosure [for related Corey Goode Report  click here]  July 19, 2015  Cosmic energies predicted to trigger DNA changes & disclosure events in September  July 21, 2015  Cosmic Disclosure: Inside the Secret Space Program launches on Gaiam TV  July 26, 2015  Secret Interstellar Spacecraft use Superluminal Tachyon Drives  July 28, 2015  Secret Space Programs monitor Galactic Superwaves & study Law of One  Aug 5, 2015  Sleeping giants in stasis chambers ready to awaken whistleblower claims  Aug 11, 2015  Secret Mars Colonies Trade with up to 900 Extraterrestrial Civilizations  Aug 17, 2015  New Book Reveals What You Need to Know about the Secret Space Programs  Aug 18, 2015  Secret United Nations Space Program Preparing for Alien Invasion  Aug 25, 2015  Sun is a Portal for Hyperdimensional Space Travel based on Sacred Geometry  Sept 1, 2015  Jedi-like Psychic Training in Secret Space Programs  Sept 16, 2015  Stargate SG-1: Soft Disclosure according to secret space program whistleblower  Sept 23, 2015  Secret Space Program Alliance Negotiates with Council of Ancient Earth Civilizations [for related Corey Goode Report  click here]  Oct 1, 2015  Uncensored History Revealed with Secret Space Program Disclosures  Oct 8, 2015  Secret Underground Cities have Influenced Human Civilization & Religion for Millennia  Oct 16, 2015  Is Russia using weapons developed with extraterrestrial help in Syrian Civil War?  Oct 28, 2015  German Secret Societies Hid Ancient Super Weapons from Nazis  Nov 11, 2015  German Secret Societies Colonized Mars in 1940s  Nov 18, 2015  US Congress Passes Bill Protecting Slave Labor on Mars & Corporate Space Colonies  Nov 27, 2015  German Secret Societies Nuked Martians & Built Slave Colonies with U.S. Corporations  Dec 1, 2015  Obama Signs Law Protecting Corporate Crimes in Space until 2022  Dec 12, 2016  Partial Disclosure and Competing Secret Space Programs  May 2, 2017  As Corey Goode Secret Space Program Claims go Viral Critics Step up Attacks  June 11, 2017  Hoax Secret Space Program Investigation Exposed by Documents & IT Experts  Books discussing Corey Goodes Testimony  September 2, 2015  Insiders Reveal Secret Space Programs and Extraterrestrial Alliances  August 31, 2016  The Ascension Mysteries: Revealing the Cosmic Battle Between Good and Evil  March 1, 2017  The US Navys Secret Space Program and Nordic Extraterrestrial Alliance  Corey Goode & Sphere Being Alliance Website and Social Media  Sphere Being Allince (Home Page)  Sphere Being Alliance (Facebook)  Sphere Being Alliance (Twitter)  Sphere Being Alliance (YouTube)  Sphere Being Alliance (Blog)  More Internet Resources  Stillness in the Storm  features articles by Justin Deschamps discussing Corey Goode testimonies and interviews  Divine Cosmos  features articles and interviews with David Wilcock where he discusses global implications of Corey Goodes testimony  Kauilapeles Blog  features articles by Kailapele (KP) where he introduces latest Corey Goode testimonies and reports  The One Truth Forum  there are a number of threads where Corey Goode participated in forum discussions, this link takes you to Coreys former discussion thread  You can also Corey by subscribing to Gaiam TV to watch his interviews with David Wilcock : Use this Link for a percentage of your subscription to go to Corey. If you are already a Gaiam TV subscriber, then use this link.  (Visited 151,360 times, 35 visits today)) = 0
(Anomalies in Military Records Breadcrumbs to Space Marines Service  In part 4 of this five part interview series on the covert recruitment of Michael Gerloff into a Space Marines 20 and back program, he discusses anomalies in his military documents. He believes these are breadcrumbs to his covert military service with the USMC and Army Rangers.  Click below to view video  For Part 1 article with cited documents click here or to view video, click below  For Part 2 article with cited documents click here or to view video, click below  For Part 3 article with cited documents click here or to view video, click below  Below are documents cited/viewed in part 4 of this video interview series.  Michael Gerloff at Bootcamp Letter from Congressman Skelton  Michael Gerloff with USMC Platoon Honorable Discharge  DD 214  Received in 1987 from Congressman Skelton, only shows completion of 1979 active duty training DD 2586  Shows additional 3 years USMC service to 6 signed up (1987  1984)  Feel free to circulate this post without any copyright restriction  (Visited 5,867 times, 1 visits today)  Tags: 20 and back, Army Rangers, Michael Gerloff, Space Marines) = 0
(Hate Speech Initiative a Trojan Horse for AI Takeover of Humanity  A February 8 video by the Anti-Defamation League (ADL) promotes a new Artificial Intelligence (AI) based algorithm it calls the Online Hate Index which is aimed at identifying hate speech. The ADL believes that the AI algorithm can be used by social media platforms such as Facebook, YouTube, Twitter to identify and quickly remove hate speech.  In the video, Brittan Heller, the Director of the ADL Center for Technology & Society says the goal of the index is to:  Help tech platforms better understand the growing amount of hate on social media, and to use that information to address the problem. By combining Artificial Intelligence and machine learning and social science, the Online Hate Index will ultimately uncover and identify trends and patterns in hate speech across different platforms.    In its Phase I Innovation Brief published January 2018 on its website, the ADL further explains how machine learning, a form of Artificial Intelligence based on algorithms, can be used to identify and remove hate speech from social media platforms:  The Online Hate Index (OHI), a joint initiative of ADLs Center for Technology and Society and UC Berkeleys D-Lab, is designed to transform human understanding of hate speech via machine learning into a scalable tool that can be deployed on internet content to discover the scope and spread of online hate speech. Through a constantly-evolving process of machine learning, based on a protocol developed by a team of human coders as to what does and does not constitute hate speech, this tool will uncover and identify trends and patterns in hate speech across different online platforms, allowing us to push for the changes necessary to ensure that online communities are safe and inclusive spaces.  The ADLs Online Hate Index is described as a sentiment-based analysis that runs off of machine learning. The ADL Brief goes on to say:  All the decisions that went into each step of creating the OHI were done with the aim of building a machine learning-enabled model that can be used to identify and help us understand hate speech online.    What the ADL and other promoters of AI based algorithms fail to grasp is the potential of AI to evolve through its programmed capacity for machine learning into the kind of fearsome interconnected sentient intelligence featured in movies such as the Terminator and Battlestar Galactica.  It is well known that scientists/inventors such as Stephen Hawkins and Elon Musk have been loudly warning about the long term threat posed by AI. They and others believe that AI poses an existential threat to humanity, and needs to be closely controlled and monitored. In a 2014 speech Musk said:  I think we should be very careful about artificial intelligence. If I had to guess at what our biggest existential threat is, its probably that. So we need to be very careful with artificial intelligence. Im increasingly inclined to think that there should be some regulatory oversight, maybe at the national and international level, just to make sure that we dont do something very foolish With artificial intelligence were summoning the demon. You know those stories where theres the guy with the pentagram, and the holy water, and  hes sure he can control the demon? Doesnt work out.  Musks view was echoed by Stephen Hawking who warned against the danger of AI in an interview with the BBC in December 2014:  The development of full artificial intelligence could spell the end of the human race. It would take off on its own, and re-design itself at an ever increasing rate. Humans, who are limited by slow biological evolution, couldnt compete, and would be superseded.  Similarly, Corey Goode, an alleged insider revealing the existence of multiple secret space programs, claims that AI is already a threat in deep space operations. When he first emerged in early 2015, Goode focused a great deal of attention on the AI threat, and continues to warn about it today.  He says that these programs, along with extraterrestrial civilizations, take strict security precautions to identify and remove any kind of AI signature:  There are a few ET AI Groups (ALL Malevolent to Humanity, from our perspective) that the SSP(s) (There are several Secret Space Programs) have been dealing with for decades.  If an Asset is Scanned and has a Bio Neuro AI Signature, AI Nano Tech or Overlapping AI related EMG type Brian Wave Signature (Or any other sign of AI exposure) those persons are immediately placed in isolation and are not allowed anywhere near the current era SSP(s) Technology (Which is Mostly Bio-Neurological and Consciousness Interactive) until they have been Cleared of all AI influences.    Now, lets analyze all this in terms of what the ADL is proposing for social media platforms to use AI based algorithms to identify hate speech.  At first look, there is great appeal in the idea of monitoring speech and regulating people promoting fear, hate or violence against others whether on social, religious or economic grounds. After all, we all want to live in a peaceful and tolerant world, which includes cyberspace, so why not exclude intolerant and hateful individuals and groups from our social media platforms?  The big problem here of course is that there is a real danger that social media can be surreptitiously used to exclude dissenting political viewpoints under the guise of regulating hate speech. We see this already occurring with Youtube using an army of 10,000 volunteers from groups such as the Southern Poverty Law Center.    Many popular YouTube channels are being increasingly targeted by strikes and removals for behavior characterized as bullying or hate speech. Yet, this YouTube crackdown appears to be a cleverly disguised politically driven campaign to remove alternative voices questioning the official media narrative on a great number of social issues, rather than really cracking down on hate speech. Ive written about the problem here.    What ADL is proposing, however, goes well beyond what YouTube is currently doing. The ADL is openly promoting a censorship system where it wont be humans doing the actual monitoring and removal of hate speech but an AI algorithm. What might be the result of this if allowed to occur given the warnings of AI posed by Hawking, Musk and Goode?  It doesnt take an Einstein to realize that if social media platforms did allow AI algorithms to monitor and censor content, that warnings about a future AI threat would themselves eventually be deemed to be a form of hate speech. After all, if corporations can be recognized to have the same rights as individuals according to the infamous Citizens United ruling by the Supreme Court in 200, wont AI sentience eventually also be recognized to have similar human rights in the U.S.?    We could very easily end up in a dystopian future where different forms of AI are used to monitor and regulate human behavior in egregious ways, and any humans protesting or warning what the AI system is doing would be censored for hate speech.  Given the existential threat posed by AI, if we accept what Hawking, Musk and Goode are telling us, let alone the inappropriateness of censoring alternative news perspectives in the first place, then free speech needs to be protected on social media at all costs.  In the U.S. this should not present too great challenge given the First Amendment Constitutional right to free speech, and legal remedies available in the Federal court system. Those individuals who threatened legal remedies to YouTube cracking down on their channels appear to have been the most successful in restoring their channels. YouTube apologized to such users for the overzealous behavior of its new army of 10,000 moderators. e  However, the U.S. is an island in a vast ocean where other countries do actively punish individuals and groups for hate speech. This is where the future appears ominous given the temptation for national regulators to eventually punish social media platforms that dont regulate hate speech. This would force Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and other platforms to adopt the AI based algorithms recommended by the ADL or other organizations for widespread usage.  This is likely to lead to a situation where major nations such as China, or supranational entities such as the European Union, might embrace AI algorithms to monitor and regular hate speech. China is already closely monitoring and removing dissident political thought from media platforms through firewalls, and may well be contemplating incorporating AI algorithms to do so more effectively.    While national regulators across the world may be tempted for different reasons to adopt the ADLs proposal for AI algorithms to identify and remove hate speech, we need to firmly keep in mind that this would create a Trojan horse for eventual AI control of humanity.  Despite the genuine problems posed by hate speech, national regulators need to ensure that social media platforms are never regulated by AI algorithms given the potential for global security to be undermined, and humanity being genuinely imperiled by an AI takeover.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  FURTHER READING  (Visited 3,066 times, 67 visits today)  Tags: Anti-Defamation League, artificial intelligence, Censorship, Free Speech, Hate Speech) = 0
(William Tompkins & US Navy Secret Space Program  This webpage was created as a resource for those wishing to learn more about William Tompkins testimony about the U.S. Navys Secret Space Program. Tompkins first emerged in December 2015 with the publication of his book. Selected by Extraterrestrials. Interviews and articles in each category are in chronological order, and will be regularly updated.  Aug 23, 2017  Bill Tompkins, Richard Dolan & the Future of UFOLOGY  Aug 21, 2017  Radio  Jeff Rense Tribute to William Tompkins  Aug 21, 2017  William Tompkins Transitions on Day of Full Solar Eclipse  Articles on William Tompkins book & interviews  December 2015  Audio Interview  World War 2 and UFOs  Re-Writing Timelines in Exopolitics  January 15, 2016  US Navy Spies Learned Secrets of Nazi Anti-gravity Spacecraft  January 16, 2016  Top Aerospace Designer Blows Whistle on Secret US Navy Space Battle Fleets  January 29, 2016  Apollo Missions Ended Because Extraterrestrials Prevented US Navy Bases on Moon  March 28, 2016  Age Regression used in Secret Space Programs confirmed as Scientifically Feasible  April 4, 2016  US Navy Spies Learned of Nazi Alliance with Reptilian Extraterrestrials during WWII  April 14, 2016  Reptilian Aliens Helped Nazi Germany Build Secret Space Program in Antarctica  April 21, 2016  US Navy Spies Learned of Italian Secret Space Program Led by Marconi  May 11, 2016  US Navy Photo of Alien UFO landing on Aircraft Carrier is Genuine claims Aerospace Engineer  June 6, 2016  US Navy League Conducted Extraterrestrial Special Projects from 1985 to 1999  Video Interviews featuring William Tompkins  March 29, 2016  ExoNews TV  Navy Disseminated Nazi Antigravity Secrets to Leading U.S. Companies & Think Tanks (for transcript click here )  April 4, 2016  ExoNews TV  US Navy Spies Learned of Nazi Alliance with Reptilian Extraterrestrials (for transcript click here)  April 14, 2016  ExoNews TV  Reptilian Aliens Helped Nazi Germany Build Secret Space Program in Antarctica (for transcript click here)  April 21, 2016  ExoNews TV  Nazi Slave Labor & Italian Secret Space Program  July 26, 2016  Cosmic Disclosure (S5E10): SSP Testimonials with William Tompkins (for transcript click here, for summary and analysis click here)  July 26, 2016  Cosmic Disclosure (S5E11): William Tompkins Bio (for transcript click here, for summary and analysis click here)  Aug 2, 2016  Cosmic Disclosure (S5E12): SSP Think Tank with William Tompkins (for summary and analysis click here, for transcript click here)  Sep 6, 2017  Cosmic Disclosure (S8E5): Cosmic Disclosure: Remembering William Tompkins Disruptoing Draco Domination (for transcript click here  Radio Interviews featuring William Tompkins  December 14, 2015  Flying Saucer Technologies go back to Pre-WWI  1st Interview with Jeff Rense  December 23, 2015  Selected by Extraterrestrials  2nd Interview with Jeff Rense  January 6, 2016  Third Interview with Jeff Rense  Part 2  March 23, 2016  Our Technology Decades Ahead of Whats Know  4th Interview With Jeff Rense  Part 1  Part 2  May 5, 2016  Nazi Germanys Secret Space Program  5th Interview with Jeff Rense  Part 1  Part 2  May 13, 2016  Rense Radio Interview  Navy Spies in Germany  June 6, 2016  Rense Radio Interview  US Navy League in Medford and Alien Special Projects  Hour 2  June 10, 2016  Rense Radio Interview  German Flying Discs  Hour 2  Hour 3  June 29, 2016  Rense Radio Interview  Navy League Mountain Lodge Meeting  Hour 2  Hour 3  July 8, 2016  Rense Radio Interview  Dr Kurt Debus, NASA and Project Paperclip Scientists  Hour 2  July 26, 2016  Rense Radio Interview  More Amazing Revelations  Hour 2  Hour 3  Aug 29, 2016  Rense Radio Interview  Another Amazing Conversation  Hour 2  Oct 31, 2016  Interview on Jeff Rense Radio  Hr 2  Nov 30, 2016- Unconventional Propulsion Systems  Jeff Rense Interview with Bill Tompkins  Hr 2  Hr 3  Jan 23, 2017  The UFO Disclosure Continues  Jeff Rense Interview with Bill Tompkins  Hr 2  March 31, 2017  Rense Radio Interview with Michael Salla and Bill Tompkins  Hour 2  April 27, 2017  Rense Radio Interview  Battle of Los Angeles  Hour 2  May 2, 2017  Rense Radio Interview  Hollywood and Freemasonry  Hour 2 (related doc)  May 31, 2017  Rense Radio Interview  Another Amazing Conversation  Hour 2  Aug 21, 2017  Radio  Jeff Rense Tribute to William Tompkins  Related Books  Michael Salla, The US Navys Secret Space Program and Nordic Extraterrestrial Alliance (March 1, 2017)  August 31, 2016  The Ascension Mysteries: Revealing the Cosmic Battle Between Good and Evil  Michael Salla, Insiders Reveal Secret Space Programs and Extraterrestrial Life (Sept 2015)  [ Note: William Tompkins says that when he was given a copy of Insiders Reveal Secret Space Programs, he was shocked to find how closely the information  largely based on an investigation of Corey Goodes testimony on five secret space programs  aligned with his own independent knowledge of the U.S. Navys involvement in building a secret space program based on what had been acquired earlier from Nazi Germany]  More Articles on William Tompkins testimony  April 5, 2016  The Panama Toilet Papers and the Ascension Mysteries #1!  Aug 23, 2017  Bill Tompkins, Richard Dolan & the Future of UFOLOGY  (Visited 45,577 times, 13 visits today)) = 0
(A Life of High Strangeness & Testing for Space Marines  In part 3 of this five part interview series on the covert recruitment of Michael Gerloff into a Space Marines 20 and back program, he elaborates on his background that was a major factor in his selection. He describes a lifetime of high strangeness, testing, night-time training during his youth, and DNA results which raise a possible connection to a human looking Nordic group of extraterrestrials.  To view video, click image below.    For Part 1 article with cited documents click here or to view video, click below  For Part 2 article with cited documents click here or to view video, click below  Below are two documents cited in part 3 of this video interview series.  Michael Gerloff at age 8 during third grade Results of Michael Gerloff genetic testing  Feel Free to circulate this post without any copyright restriction  (Visited 7,013 times, 1 visits today)  Tags: Dogman, Michael Gerloff, Shadowman, Space Marines) = 0
(Global Elite taken to GITMO by US Special Forces  Full Disclosure Implications  The internet has been buzzing with rumors that high level VIP members of the Deep State (aka Cabal/Illuminati/Global Elite) are being detained for human rights abuses and corruption, and are being taken by U.S. Special Forces to military prison at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base (Gitmo) as a result of thousands of sealed indictments. Multiple sources have been reporting on some of the key VIP figures taken there.  While these are still only rumors, recent events point to their plausibility. If accurate, these secret investigations, arrests and extractions to Gitmo where they face extended detention and military justice has enormous political implications, and makes possible the release of suppressed information previously withheld by the Deep State.  One source of such rumors comes from David Todeschini, a former USAF veteran who wrote an expose about covert operations during the Vietnam War. He describes what he learned from a reliable FBI source about recent events at Guantanamo in a December 24, 2017 Youtube video, which he summarized as follows:  High-level confidential sources tell this reporter that the U.S. Military prison at Guantanamo Bay has been alerted to expect high-profile prisoners shortly  possibly as a result of over 10,000 Sealed FEDERAL indictments. 1,000 Marines accompanied General Mattis to Gitmo to provide security for special prisoners.  Another source for secret extractions to GITMO via sealed indictments is veteran journalist Dr. Jerome Corsi who tweeted:  #QAnon #Qanon8chan Something is happening at GITMO  flight records being shared on Subreddit post CBTS_stream HERE: https://t.co/3CnO7GpczZ Related to @realDonaldTrump executive order regarding confiscation of assets for those involved with human rights abuses  Jerome Corsi (@jerome_corsi) December 29, 2017  A third source is Brenden Dilley, a radio host running for the US Congress, who received information from another anonymous whistleblower who has a track record for reliability. The whistleblowers information appeared in a December 27 post that was mistakenly attributed to QAnon [see update below for discussion of misattribution to QAnon] The post refers to recent VIP arrivals at Gitmo discussion:  What is worth emphasizing in the above post is that new residents began arriving at Gitmo on December 26, 2017, and more were expected. This was after President Trump had issued his Executive Order on December 21 declaring a national emergency in response to human rights abuses and corruption anywhere around the world.    Finally, we have former Forbes Magazine correspondent, Benjamin Fulford, who wrote on January 1, 2018:  In a historic moment of poetic justice, most of the U.S.-based top perpetrators of the fake war on terror have now themselves been renditioned to the U.S. Navy camp in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, Pentagon sources say. The Rothschild assets George Soros, Peter Munk, Peter Sutherland, the Bushes, the Podestas, and many others may have been airlifted to Gitmo for military tribunals, as the Department of Defense spends $500M to upgrade the prison and send more military police and Marines, the sources say.    What can be distilled from these independent sources is that high level Deep State members, many of whom are part of a Pedophile Satanic global network, are being detained by U.S. Special Forces and taken to Gitmo where they are to be held indefinitely, while military justice is applied to their cases. In the process, Gitmos holding facilities are being significantly upgraded with expansions and more guards to accommodate an infusion of VIP prisoners.  Among the first to refer to U.S. Special Forces being used to investigate and detain Deep State figures under the authority of sealed indictments was Secret Space Program whistleblower Corey Goode. He referred to such military investigations back on August 9, 2017 after being briefed by a source he described as retired FBI and career military:  [T]here were teams of US Special Forces that were conducting domestic surveillance and investigations of a Satanic group that had infiltrated all aspects of government agencies and the military. These Special Forces teams have been in place since the middle of the election cycle. I was informed that a secret report on how pervasive these infiltrations are is more shocking than what was expected. Strangely, this report also had notes from several secret grand juries that are active right now in D.C.  The report states that the conspiracy involves the majority of powerful people in within the UN, EU, US, State and local (City) power structures. These government organization are completely complicit in what is going on. All the way down to local Post Offices and Police Offices.    More recently, Goode says that his sources have told him that Gitmo is being upgraded to host VIP detainees, and includes wheelchair access for some of them, who are being detained by Special Forces working around the globe He explained in a November 5 communication with best selling author David Wilcock:  Secret Grand Juries were almost totally complete with their investigations when everything changed. They had sealed indictments being prepared when they received a cache of new info that gave them a wider net to cast.  Their investigation has since expanded dramatically. So much about the plans of a coup is known about by the Cabal that I dont know how much longer the Alliance can wait to act and prevent the Cabal from sneaking out of the country.  Some of the really bad ones have already left. Our SF [Special Forces] teams are planning on going in to some of these countries that are hiding these Cabal members and taking them by force.    Are such claims true? In scrutinizing public records what is known fact is that James Mattis, Secretary of Defense, did visit Gitmo on December 21 becoming the first Secretary of Defense to do so since 2002. It was the same day that Trump issued his Executive Order Blocking the Property of Persons Involved in Serious Human Rights Abuse or Corruption, where he declared:  I therefore determine that serious human rights abuse and corruption around the world constitute an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States, and I hereby declare a national emergency to deal with that threat.    The timing suggests that this was more than coincidence, and raised a possible link between Mattis visit and the Executive Order. Such a link is strengthened by an earlier visit to Gitmo in July 2017 by Attorney General Jeff Sessions who called Gitmo:  a perfectly acceptable place to detain new terrorist suspects, as opposed to holding them in the US and having his own Justice Department try them in civilian courts.  It is quite feasible that Gitmo would be used to house detainees under Trumps Executive Order. They could be treated similarly to terrorists under the Executive Orders national emergency which delegated authority to any US agency capable of enforcing the Orders primary function of cutting off the financial assets of targeted individuals and groups:  Sec. 8.  The Secretary of the Treasury may, consistent with applicable law, redelegate any of these functions to other officers and agencies of the United States. All agencies shall take all appropriate measures within their authority to implement this order.  Consequently, Trumps Executive Order provided a firm legal foundation for U.S. Special Forces to physically detain targeted individuals in the U.S. mainland and anywhere around the planet, and have them relocated to Gitmo when necessary.  Military law rather than US domestic law would apply those detained by U.S. Special Forces acting under the authority of Sealed Indictments and the December 21, Executive Order. This would be powerful leverage that could be used to gain confessions and cooperation from lower level Deep State operatives against their superiors who are being taken to Gitmo.  Another pertinent fact is that Todeschini claims that 1000 marines accompanied Mattis and will remain to provide special security for the VIP prisoners. Similarly, Fulford refers to both Marines and National Guard military police being taken to Gitmo.  As far as USMC personnel being taken to Gitmo, a Miami Herald news story refers to a proposed upgrade at Gitmo that includes barracks for 848 prison troops to be ready in four years. This is very close to the alleged 1000 marines that Todeschini (and Fulford) claim have been sent there to guard the VIP prisoners.    There is also corroboration for the claim regarding National Guard military police being taken to Gitmo. On December 29, 2017, it was reported that the Arizona National Guard was deploying over four dozen military police to Gitmo for a nine month term.    A Department of Defense Report cited in a May 24, 2016 US Congressional statement, described the peak prison population at Gitmo was 684 prisoners in June of 2003, and this had been reduced to about 80 by 2016. More recent estimates of the Gitmo prison population is roughly 40 Islamic terrorists  The Miami Herald story from August 21, 2017 revealed that the Trump administration was planning to spend up to $500 million on upgrading Gitmo facilities. This included a Navy proposal to build a five bed hospital at a total cost of $250 million.  The fact that a five bed hospital is to be built at such significant cost does suggest that Trump plans to significantly expand the number of prisoners at Gitmo. These would not be suspected Islamic terrorists, however, but VIP prisoners behind international human rights abuses and corruption who will not be allowed medical treatment on the U.S. mainland.  Finally, we arrive at the key claim that thousands of sealed indictments have been prepared which have been used to authorize the detention and extraction of Deep State personnel. The Public Access to Court Electronic Records (PACER) system was scrutinized to confirm the existence of 4289 sealed Federal indictments by November 22, 2017, according to former FBI agent Hal Turner.  More recently, sources claim that this has risen to over 9000 sealed indictments as of December 24, 2017. This figure has not yet been substantiated, but it would be reasonable to conclude that the November figure may have significantly increased during December.  In conclusion, there is compelling evidence to support claims that leading figures from a Deep State international network of VIPs that are involved in child trafficking, human rights abuses, corruption and Satanic rituals are being investigated, detained and extracted to Gitmo via sealed indictments enforced by U.S. Special Forces.  The implications of these unfolding events for disclosure of classified technologies related to secret space programs, Antarctic bases hidden under the ice sheets and extraterrestrial life, all previously suppressed by the Deep State, are profound.  There is grounds for cautious optimism that the prospects of full disclosure will substantially increase as more corrupt Deep State officials are taken to Gitmo. Their removal from powerful global leadership positions will help greatly in ending their decades-long policies of denying the rest of humanity the benefits of advanced technologies that will revolutionize life all over the planet.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  [Update, Jan 3, 2018: I received the following comment on my Facebook page about an alleged Q post on December 27, 2017. The commenter, Ann Schrock says that it is a misattribution since Q Anon has not posted since Dec 25. She says she transcribed the anonymous source for the December 27 quote and wrote:    Further Reading  (Visited 73,456 times, 264 visits today)  Tags: Deep State, Donald Trump, full disclosure, Gitmo) = 0
(by Callum Hoare March 7, 2018 (dailystar.co.uk)   Temehea Tohua is located on the island of Nuku Hiva in the French Polynesian islands in the South Pacific. It was once home to inhabitants who lived within a crater of a volcano. The island is littered with puzzling statues with reptilian characteristics dating back to the year 1150. Is this evidence of Pacific islanders worshiping an ET reptilian diety?   See below a 3:53 minute video on the YouTube channel Mystery History.  Polynesia boasts a number of remote islands, each with its own history.  The most well-known is Rapa Nui, or Easter Island, as it boasts the enormous Moai Statues.  But a less popular, more peculiar site has escaped media attention.  Temehea Tohua is located on the island of Nuku Hiva and was once home to inhabitants who lived within a crater of a volcano.  Video footage shows the place littered with puzzling statues, which can be dated back to the year 1150.  But what astonishes historians even more is what they represent.  The figures show reptilian characteristics, with many looking like something out of a sci-fi film.  The clip was uploaded to YouTube channel Mystery History yesterday and has already racked up almost 22,000 hits.  And viewers were left arguing over whether it is proof of extraterrestrial life.  READ ENTIRE ARTICLE  FAIR USE NOTICE: This page contains copyrighted material the use of which has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. ExoNews.org distributes this material for the purpose of news reporting, educational research, comment and criticism, constituting Fair Use under 17 U.S.C  107. Please contact the Editor at ExoNews with any copyright issue.) = 0
(by Arjun Walia March 11, 2018 (collective-evolution.com)     The National Security Act was created in 1949. As a result, a number of intelligence groups and executive bodies followed. None of these groups had any active congressional oversight. From this, the Invention Secrecy Act was created in 1951 which provided that new inventions may be subject to secrecy orders and restrict their publication if government agencies believe that their disclosure would be harmful to national security. National security has become a justification for the classification of a large amount of information on a variety of topics in which the public is deliberately kept in the dark. As a result, the U.S. Government has been classifying upwards of over 500 million pages of documents per year.   The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office uses a secret system called the Sensitive Application Warning System (SAWS) to delay the approval of applications deemed a possible threat to national security.   A 50-page document obtained by a law firm that represents major tech companies describes the SAWS system: When an application is submitted for patent approval, it requires a couple of examiners to go through the process which usually takes 1 to 2 years. Applications that are filed under SAWS, however, must be approved by several people and can be delayed for a number of years. There were over 5000 inventions languishing under secrecy orders in 2014. There is no official channel to notify an applicant once their patent is placed in the SAWS system. The Patent Office denies requests to even divulge what applications are on the SAWS list.   How secret is this system? To find any records we have to go back 45 years. In 1971, patents for solar photovoltaic generators were subject to review and restriction if the photovoltaics were more than 20% efficient. Energy conversion systems were likewise subject to review and restriction if they offered conversion efficiencies in excess of 70-80%. Dr. Gerald F. Ross filed a patent application for a new invention he had devised to defeat the jamming of electromagnetic transmissions at specified frequencies. It took almost 37 years before his patent was granted.   What happens to these restricted patent applications? Over many decades now, an elite group has had access to information such as this that the public has not. Utilizing these restricted patents, this elite group is no doubt living in a world far different from ours. It is a world within a world, a separate breakaway civilization. President Eisenhower warned us in 1960, The potential disaster of the rise of misplaced power exists and will persist. We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. This appears to be exactly what has happened.  Government secrecy is running rampant in an age where more and more people are demanding transparency. Did you know that the U.S. Government classifies over 500 million pages of documents each year? Justification for the mass classification of information is (apparently) done for the sake of national security, but as we know:  The dangers of excessive and unwarranted concealment of pertinent facts, far outweigh the dangers that are cited to justify them. There is a very grave danger that an announced need for an increased level of security will be seized upon by those anxious to expand its meaning to the very limits of censorship and concealment. That I do not tend to permit, so long as its in my control.  JFK  If a scholar wanted to research political, historical, scientific, or any other type of archival work, it would prove difficult and limiting seeing that most of their governments activities are kept a secret. It is truly impossible to access the factual history of their country. The declassification of classified documents (a small portion) does not occur until decades after that information has been concealed, one great example of that is the UFO phenomenon, once believed to be a conspiracy theory by the masses before the substantial release of government documents showing otherwise. Evidence is now pointing to the fact that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is no different.  The office is supposed to legally protect the inventions of entrepreneurs and companies, some of whom have developed ground breaking technology. Unfortunately, thats not the case as new documents obtained via the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) reveal how the Patent Office has been using a secret system to withhold the approval of some applications.  This 50-page document was obtained by Kilpatrick Towsend & Stockton, LLP, who commonly represent major tech companies that include Apple, Google and Twitter (to name a few).  The program delaying patent applications is called the Sensitive Application Warning System (SAWS). Usually, when an application is submitted for a patent approval it requires a couple of examiners who work with the Patent office to go through their process of approval. This process usually takes approximately 1 to 2 years, but applications that are filed in SAWS must be approved from several people, and can be delayed for a number of years.  There is no official channel to notify an applicant once their patent is placed in the system, and the Patent Office has denied requests to divulge what applications are on the SAWS list.  The documents also indicate areas of technology that might have a patent application placed in the SAWS program  these include smartphones, internet-enabling systems and more. This information is set to be published in an online journal called Law360 to inform the public. Tech Columnist Alyssa Bereznak at Yahoo News states that most companies are fully aware of this.  I first came across this recent information in her article, but I felt compelled to add more information.  As you will see below, there is more information that has surfaced prior to these documents that suggest this type of invention secrecy goes far beyond these technologies.  One great example (out of many) of delayed patent applications comes from Dr. Gerald F. Ross. He filed a patent application for a new invention he had devised to defeat the jamming of electromagnetic transmissions at specified frequencies. It was not until June 17, 2014 (almost 37 years later) that this patent was granted.    Invention Secrecy Is Still Going Strong  As great as it is to see new information pertaining to invention secrecy come to light, its also important to note (as reported by the Federation of American Scientists; see annotated bibliography) that there were over 5000 inventions that were under secrecy orders at the end of Fiscal Year 2014, which marked the highest number of secrecy orders in effect since 1994.  This is all thanks to an act many people are unaware of. Its called the Invention Secrecy Act and it was written up in 1951. Under this act, patent applications on new inventions can be subject to secrecy orders. These orders can restrict their publication if government agencies believe that their disclosure would be harmful to national security.  As mentioned earlier, national security has become an excuse and justification for the classification of a large amount of information on a variety of topics that the public is deliberately kept in the dark about. Apparently, many of these projects and inventions go far above and beyond presidential knowledge.  READ ENTIRE ARTICLE  FAIR USE NOTICE: This page contains copyrighted material the use of which has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. ExoNews.org distributes this material for the purpose of news reporting, educational research, comment and criticism, constituting Fair Use under 17 U.S.C  107. Please contact the Editor at ExoNews with any copyright issue.) = 0
(The five photos in the video below show a flying triangle craft near Orlando, Florida that could both hover and rapidly fly in any direction. The craft could change its color from white as it emerged from clouds, into darker colors as the photos illustrate, suggesting a stealth feature.  The photos were sent to me by JP, an anonymous source I have known since 2008. He gave the approximate size of the craft as roughly the size of two jumbo jets. The craft is identical to a March 16 sighting by JP in the Orlando area that was again captured by photos.  For an article analyzing his March 16 photos and a comparison to a flying triangle patent believed to be based on an actual TR-3B classified craft, click here.  What follows are the originals of the first and fifth photos used in my video analysis of the March 23 photos for those wishing to conduct further photographic analysis.  Michael E. Salla, Ph.D.  Feel free to share this article with original links. For those planning to incorporate the above video and/or original photos in their own YouTube videos/articles, you have permission to do so provided you link to the original source.) = 0
(As information continues to emerge confirming that there was a ballistic missile attack against Hawaii that was intercepted on January 13, the investigation begins to shift from what happened, to who was responsible. In this article, I analyze various sources describing the attack, and identify the mysterious naval force that was most likely responsible for launching the ballistic missile, which presumably was nuclear armed.  In my January 17 article, I listed three alternative news sites referring to sources that all said that a ballistic missile was launched against Hawaii by a stealth submarine. The alternative news sources were radio host Dr. Dave Janda, Operation Disclosure (RV/Intelligence Alert), and the Public Intelligence Blog. The Operation Disclosure and Public Intelligence blog sites point to an Israeli submarine as responsible, while Dr. Janda said it was a submarine belonging to a rogue Chinese Navy faction.  Further corroboration for the ballistic missile attack explanation comes from former Forbes Magazine writer, Benjamin Fulford, who says that according to his insider sources, there was a submarine based attack:  One sign of this extreme tension came last week when a missile from a cabal submarine was stopped from hitting Hawaii and the submarine was sunk, Pentagon sources say. Media outlets around the world have reported that Hawaiian residents all received the following warning on their mobile phones: BALLISTIC MISSILE THREAT INBOUND TO HAWAII, SEEK IMMEDIATE SHELTER, THIS IS NOT A DRILL, but later this was reported to be a false alarm. It was notit was an attempt by the cabal to blame the attack on North Korea and use it as a trigger for their long-desired World War III, CIA sources say.  Both Fulford and the Public Intelligence claim that the ballistic missile was intended to simulate a North Korean attack suggesting the responsible submarine was in the vicinity of North Korea, either in the Sea of Japan or off the Japanese coastline.  In determining the type of missile attack against Hawaii, yet another source refers to a Hawaii tourist boat about 100 miles out at sea that saw what appeared to be a meteorite exploding in the air shortly before the Hawaii Emergency alert went out Saturday morning, January 13. The additional source appeared as an update to the original Public Intelligence blogsite article about the Hawaii missile attack:  Word here in Hawaii is that a group of tourists and tour guides were on a boat 100 miles off shore Saturday morning around 8 AM when they witnessed what they thought to be a meteor blowing up over the ocean. It was reported on Hawaiian channel 2 but then removed from their website. Rumor is the launch came from an Israel Dolphin 2 submarine. Some college basketball games had a red alert across the screen from US Pacific Command declaring a missile launch in the Pacific near Hawaii.    This additional Hawaii source is vital in understanding what happened since it reveals that the missile was coming down from the upper atmosphere following a ballistic trajectory similar to a meteor. This helps confirm that a ballistic missile was involved rather than another type of nuclear delivery system such as a cruise missile which fly much closer to ground and have a far more limited range.  Of the sources cited so far, aside from Dr. Janda, all believe a faction of the Israeli Navy was behind the attack using a dolphin class submarine supplied by Germany. The USS Liberty attack during the 1967 Arab Israeli war is often cited as an example of Israel launching a false flag attack against the U.S. to embroil it in wars against Israels regional enemies.  In a private email received on January 19, former CIA covert operative and Marine Intelligence Officer, Robert David Steele, says that the attack was a Zionist submarine doing a USS Liberty on Hawaii.  In considering the possibility of a rogue Israeli submarine being responsible, its important to review the armaments possessed by the class of submarines belonging to the Israeli Navy. In a news story describing Israels possession of Dolphin class submarines purchased from Germany, its armaments are described as follows:  The Dolphin boats are equipped with six 533mm standard torpedo tubes and four 650mm jumbo tubes and can carry 16 weapons. The smaller tubes can fire torpedoes and Harpoon anti-ship missiles as well as other conventional weaponry, but its larger tubes are what makes the Dolphin class so special. From them, frogmen, remotely operated vehicles and especially large cruise missiles capable of carrying nuclear payloads can be deployed.    Israels Dolphin Class submarines can carry cruise missiles which are well suited for Middle East operations, rather than ballistic missiles which are better suited for long distance targets thousands of miles away. Ballistic missiles require much larger boomer submarines to launch them, rather than the smaller Dolphin class submarines possessed by Israel.  The Dolphin 2 submarine is 69 meters (225 feet) in length, which is less than half the size of the Ohio class boomer submarines (170 meters/560 feet long) used by the US Navy to carry Trident ballistic nuclear missiles. Sea Launched Ballistic Missiles need vertical missile tubes as opposed to the more traditional horizontal torpedo tubes used for Sea Launched Cruise Missiles located at the front of the smaller Dolphin class submarine.    Consequently, its unlikely that a renegade faction of the Israeli Navy launched the ballistic missile attack since their Dolphin class submarines simply dont have the capacity.  Furthermore, its hard to imagine how a U.S. war against North Korea and/or China would advance Israels national security interests, which are far more concerned about threats posed by major regional rivals such as Iran.  Dr. Janda describes a rogue faction of the Chinese Navy being responsible, and that after the missile had been intercepted and destroyed by the US. Missile defense system, the regular Chinese Navy destroyed the submarine.  This explanation is perhaps the scariest to consider since the US national security apparatus would almost certainly hold China responsible for such an attack despite any genuine factional divisions within the Chinese Navy.  The immediate U.S. response would have been, at the very least, a direct retaliatory nuclear attack against Chinas main regional ally North Korea, which would have been scapegoated for a Hawaii attack. After destroying North Koreas military infrastructure, the country would have then been subsequently overrun and occupied by the U.S. Military and its South Korean ally in an analogous way to Afghanistan after the 9/11 attack.  Chinas strategic interests would have been severely setback in such a scenario. Its hard to imagine any Chinese military commander, rogue Navy faction or not, would risk a nuclear retaliatory strike by the U.S. that would set back Chinas steady emergence into a global superpower over the next decade or so. Patience is a characteristic that Chinas political leaders possess in abundance.  Consequently, I find it unlikely that a rogue faction of the Chinese Navy was behind the ballistic missile attack.  So who then launched the attack against Hawaii?  For an answer we need to consider legendary Hawaii Senator Daniel Inouye who in 1987 described the existence of a shadowy government within the U.S. with its own separate military assets.  There exists a shadowy Government with its own Air Force, its own Navy, its own fundraising mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own ideas of the national interest, free from all checks and balances, and free from the law itself.    Inouye was clearly convinced of a very highly classified U.S. agency that had the independent funding and wherewithal to develop its own Air Force and Navy outside the regular chain of military command.  In contrast to the assets of the regular U.S. Air Force and Navy, this covert fleet of ships and aircraft would be dark, in terms of its security classification. It would therefore be appropriate to call it the Dark Fleet which is what secret space program insider Corey Goode says it is called by the U.S. military according to his confidential sources [Skype Communication Jan 18). He says that it is separate to another Dark Fleet which is a Secret Space Program that operates in Deep Space.  I need to point out that in 2017, I personally met some of Goodes confidential Earth Alliance sources. They provided many documents to prove they are deeply connected to NATO security operations and the European intelligence community. They have continued to provide Goode intelligence information since they consider him to be a genuine extraterrestrial contactee, and asset of a Secret Space Program Alliance known to exist by NATO officials.  What U.S. Government agency would have the ability to raise its own Dark Fleet outside the regular chain of military command and Presidential executive authority? The only U.S. agency capable of doing so is the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). More specifically, we are talking about the CIAs Directorate of Operations (formally Clandestine Service) which runs all its global covert operations, where a Dark Fleet would have been developed to meet operational requirements.  The 1949 CIA Act comprised additions to those sections of the 1947 National Security Act that dealt with the creation of CIA. The 1949 CIA Act gave a Congressional stamp of approval to the creation of a black budget it could spend without recourse to U.S. law as the following section make clear:   any other Government agency is authorized to transfer to or receive from the Agency such sums without regard to any provisions of law limiting or prohibiting transfers between appropriations [emphasis added]. Sums transferred to the Agency in accordance with this paragraph may be expended for the purposes and under the authority of sections 403a to 403s of this title without regard to limitations of appropriations from which transferred. [50 U.S.C. 403f(a)]  Essentially, this gave the CIA the power to generate large amounts of money through covert means and launder it however it wished through the Pentagon and the U.S. bureaucracy. The funding was used for an unofficial black budget that by 2001 was estimated to be as high as $1.7 trillion annually.  In addition to having the financial means, the CIA has long been developing its own covert Air Force. This began in the mid-1950s when the CIA established Area 51, as the location to develop future fleets of spy planes with the aid of companies such as Lockheed, which today is the worlds largest defense contractor.    In the 1960s the CIA began training personnel to develop skills necessary to operate its spy planes on U.S. aircraft carriers. CIA documents confirm that the U.S. Navy was training the CIA on how to operate spy planes on their carriers:  The above document went on to discuss how Kelly Johnson, Director of Lockheeds Skunkworks, helped the CIA launch its U-2 spy plane from the USS Kitty Hawk    Another CIA document shows the Navys reluctance to allow the CIA to use its aircraft carriers to carry spy planes in trouble spots like the Mediterranean, thereby creating the operational necessity for the CIA to eventually acquire its own aircraft carrier to carry fleets of spy planes around the world.    These official CIA documents support the conclusion that by the 1970s the CIAs Directorate of Operations had its own squadrons of spy planes, and would have acquired its own aircraft carrier out of operational necessity that it could operate anywhere around the world without any kind of government oversight.  As far as the CIA having its own submarines, a Washington Times article from January 3, 1985 shows that two ballistic missile submarines, USS John Marshall and Sam Houston were handed over to a 2000 man Special Operations Force.    It can be guaranteed that the CIAs Directorate of Operations would have similarly justified the acquisition of ballistic missile capable submarines for its own covert operations around the world.  With the CIAs role in generating multiple black budgets, it could easily have diverted some of these funds to defense contractors for building ballistic missile capable submarines for exclusive use in clandestine operations. Its worth noting that Lockheed Martin builds the Trident II ballistic missiles for the Ohio class submarines currently possessed for by U.S. Navy.  As noted earlier, the CIA and Lockheed have developed a long and close relationship since their joint efforts to develop Area 51 for spy planes and other advanced technologies in the 1950s. Therefore it is very possible that the CIAs Dark Fleet possesses Trident II ballistic nuclear missiles developed by Lockheed Martin.  Consequently, Inouyes claims of a shadowy government possessing its own Air Force and Navy is very feasible given what we know about the CIAs history, and official documents showing its military assets, training and close relationship with defense contractors such as Lockheed Martin.  The CIA had the independent funding to create squadrons of spy planes that could operate from an aircraft carrier with the necessary support craft that altogether constituted a CIA controlled aircraft carrier battle group that included nuclear submarines.  So was the CIAs Dark Fleet behind the ballistic missile attack on Hawaii? I put this question to Corey Goode and he responded:  Yes, They DO have an Air Craft Carrier and destroyers and support vessels, a whole fleet.This stuff has been a part of recent briefings in the form of informed speculation as to what occurred in Hawaii/Japan. All are pretty convinced that rogue CIA sub fired missiles and MIC SSP [USAF/NRO/DIA Secret Space Program] took the missiles out. We are all waiting for specifics and confirmation but these are read in General/Colonel types doing the speculating.[Skype Communication 1/19/18)  The CIAs Directorate of Operations has long been the primary asset of what Inouye called the Shadow Government, but today is referred to as the Deep State. Due to President Trumps December 21, 2017, Executive Order freezing the financial assets of all involved in human rights abuses and corruption, Trump was not only declaring war against U.S. global elites involved, but also against the funding sources for the CIAs covert operations.  The CIAs black budget is made possible by human rights abuses and corruption around the planet that provides almost unlimited funds for its covert operations, including its Dark Fleet. Consequently, the CIAs Dark Fleet had the means, motive and opportunity to attack Hawaii with a ballistic nuclear missile that would embroil the Trump administration in a major regional war with North Korea and possibly China.  Significantly, on January 16, Japans major public broadcaster also warned the public about an incoming ballistic missile attack. Once again, a false alarm was issued shortly after by government authorities.  Its quite possible that the same submarine responsible for the Hawaii attack, launched another missile attack, this time against Japan, presumably Tokyo. It was also brought down, probably by the same defense forces that tracked and destroyed the Hawaii bound missile. Again, the purpose would have been to simulate a North Korean attack thereby triggering a major regional war.  Such a war would distract the Trump administration and U.S. military from going after Deep State assets, and tie down the U.S. in a serious regional confrontation. Thankfully, the U.S. Navy and Air Force, along with the USAF run secret space program, were able to neutralize the attacks on Hawaii and Japan.  The multiple sources and documents cited above lead to a remarkable conclusion. A CIA created secret Navy launched ballistic missile attacks against Hawaii and Japan using a Dark Fleet created in the 1970s to support covert operations around the world.  Consequently, neutralizing the Dark Fleet and reigning in the CIAs Directorate of Operations must become a high priority goal for the Trump Administration and the Pentagon. A major step in doing so is for the truth to be officially released about ballistic missile attacks against Hawaii and Japan.     Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  [Note: My thanks to Corey Goode for reading an earlier draft of this article and his helpful suggestions.]) = 0
(Pentagon Hid German Secret Space Program Link to Alien Contact Cases  It was found in part 2 of this series that George Adamski was very likely ordered by the Pentagon to withhold important elements of his alleged 1952 extraterrestrial contact that suggested the existence of a German Secret Space Program in Antarctica. Understanding why Adamski would have been ordered to do this, requires understanding events that occurred over five years earlier in Antarctica.  In the Southern Hemisphere summer of 1946/1947 Admiral Richard Byrd led a large Naval task force to Antarctica during Operation Highjump with secret orders to flush out any Nazis that had established secret bases in the frozen continent. This was not the first time Byrd had been given secret orders to flush out Nazis hidden in Antarctica.  Seven years earlier, in mid-1939 Byrd had been commanded by President Franklin Roosevelt to lead a Naval expedition to Antarctica to determine whether Nazi bases in Antarctica violated the Monroe Doctrine. The New York Times reported on July 7, 1939:  President Roosevelt moved today to prevent possible extension of Germanys claims to Antarctic areas into the Western Hemisphere by directing Real Admiral Richard E. Byrd to leave in October to territory within the sphere of influence of the Monroe Doctrine  it [is] apparent that this government was prepared to take the position, if necessary, that any attempts by foreign powers to establish bases west of the 180th meridian in the Antarctic would be considered an unfriendly act   Byrds 1939/1940 expedition did not succeed in finding the German Antarctic bases, which were well hidden under the ice sheets.  Years later, during the Nuremburg War Crimes Trials, Admiral Donitz repeated his earlier wartime claims of having have used Germanys submarine fleet to build an invulnerable fortress, a paradise-like oasis in the middle of eternal ice.  After the premature ending of Operation Highjump in February 1947, Byrd gave an interview in Chile on March 5 while traveling back to the U.S. where he spoke of an enemy that could fly from the South Pole region to attack the US:  Admiral Richard E Byrd warned today of the necessity for the United States to adopt protective measures against the possibility of an invasion of the country by hostile aircraft proceeding from the polar regions. The admiral said: I do not want to scare anybody but the bitter reality is that in the event of a new war, the United States will be attacked by aircraft flying in from over one or both poles. ,  The overall context of Byrds interview suggested that the Germans had successfully weaponized their flying saucer craft and other advanced aerial vehicles to the extent that nothing possessed by the US Navy could match these in performance, weapons and range.  Indeed, only a few months after Byrds interview, the Kenneth Arnold UFO incident occurred in June 1947, where he witnessed fleets of flying wing shaped craft over the Cascade mountains of Oregon and Washington State.  The flying wing craft were very similar to what the Horton Brothers had been developing for Nazi Germany, one of which had been relocated to the U.S. after World War II. Its feasible that successful prototypes had been developed and moved to Antarctica, and were by 1947 able to overfly U.S. territory.  Therefore, Admiral Byrds warning had proved prescient insofar as the Germans based in Antarctica had the capacity to overfly US territory with impunity. Therefore, with the subsequent rise of the UFO sightings after the Arnold incident, it can be concluded some, if not many of these, could be connected to the German Space Program out of Antarctica.  In two successive weekends in July 1952, waves of UFOs flew over Washington DC. Tens of thousands witnessed the flyovers which were photographed, caught on radar, and sighted by military pilots. The sightings were so dramatic that the US Air Force gave a Press Conference to dismiss it all as a temperature inversion weather anomaly.  For decades, the truth about the crafts origins was kept secret, but eventually it was revealed that the UFOs were in fact German flying saucers. Three insiders/whistleblowers were all made familiar with the German origins of the craft.  William Tompkins, a former aerospace engineer, Clark McClelland, a former NASA spacecraft operator, and Corey Goode, a former participant in a 20 and back US Navy space program, all said the same. They had been either briefed or had learned that it was German antigravity spacecraft which had overflown Washington DC., in 1952.  This raises a strong possibility that there is a direct connection between Adamskis 1952 encounter and the German space program that had initiated flyovers over US territory as suggested in the June 1947 Arnold incident and Byrds March 1947 warning.  Furthermore, as discussed in part 2, the similarities between the scoutcraft witnessed by Adamski and the Haunebu II craft being developed by the Nazis for the War effort, does suggest that Germans had succeeded in moving some of their more advanced operational models to Antarctica.  The idea that some of the UFOs sighted over US territory were part of a German secret space program is strengthened by two additional UFO landing incidents during the 1950s, the same period that Adamski said he was having contact experiences with Venusians.  On January 7, 1956, Willard Wannall, a Master Sergeant with the US Army at the time, says that he saw a flying saucer land in a secluded area of Kaimuki, near Honolulu, Hawaii. He was debriefed by US Army and US Air Force Intelligence officers at Fort Shafter where he was stationed, and wrote a 32 page report of the incident to his commanding officer.  While Wannalls brief description of the incident was mentioned in UFO sightings reports at the time, his detailed report about it has never been publicly released.    After retiring from the Army, he wrote a book about the incident in 1967, where he described how he was still under national security orders not to divulge key details about the incident:  However, it may be stated without jeopardizing the safety of my family and friends, or violating any security restrictions, that we witnessed the landing near our home of a clearly defined unconventional flying object which remained under our surveillance all of forty  five minutes prior to its departure. In addition to myself, there were six other responsible, and highly respected individuals present, who viewed the details of this sighting alternately with and without the aid of high  powered binoculars.    Decades later, a reporter with the Maui UFO Report was able to interview Wannall before his 2000 passing, and the public was able to learn for the first time some of the key details of the UFO landing incident:  This time the bell shaped, silver, domed, port holed craft landed in the densely wooded hills behind Honolulu. When Sergeant Wannall approached, a hatch opened. He noted the swastika and Nazi Iron Cross on both the UFO and the uniform of the occupant. The saucer pilot spoke with a German accent, and had a Nazi uniform on him!  Sgt Wannall told us that escaped Nazis, who had flying saucers, had fled to South America and secret underground bases, below the Ice in Antarctica shortly before the Nazi war surrender.(Hawaii UFO Magazine #2)  Wannalls description of the craft matches closely what Adamski had photographed and witnessed in 1952, and the Haunbu II craft that had been secretly developed by Nazi Germany.  It is now understandable why Wannalls 32 page report about the 1956 incident was never publicly released under Project Blue Book, as it showed that a German Secret Space Program was actively overflying and landing all over US territories, including the Hawaiian Islands.  The fact that the pilot spoke with a German accent, wore a Nazi uniform, and was able to land near a US military base (Fort Shafter) shows that the occupants had no fear of being shot at. This suggested that there had been some kind of agreement reached with US military authorities about German spacecraft flying over and landing on U.S. territory.  This finally brings us to the Reinhold Schmidt incident briefly mentioned in Part one. Schmidt described meeting with the occupants of a flying saucer that landed on November 5, 1957 near Kearney, Nebraska. They spoke in German-accented English to him, and used High German when communicating among themselves.  In his book, Edge of Tomorrow, Schmidt wrote that he initially believed the six occupants were German scientists:  I thought that perhaps it might have come from Russia, and that it was manned by a crew of German scientists getting data on the first Russian Sputnik which had been launched about a week before.    After later being contacted by one of the occupants, Schmidt had further encounters and changed his mind about the crafts origins. He now referred to the crafts occupants as extraterrestrials from Saturn.  Like Adamski, Schmidt may have been misled by the crafts occupants to believe they were extraterrestrials despite the obvious signs that they were part of a German Secret Space Program operating long after the end of World War II. Alternatively, again like Adamski, Schmidt may have been pressured by national security authorities to drop any public references to the spacecraft occupants being German astronauts.  This latter explanation is supported by the puzzling treatment Schmidt received by local authorities after reporting his initial 1957 contact. The initial interest and friendly support which led to overnight national media exposure, shifted dramatically into outright hostility by local authorities after the arrival of two Air Force officials.  After extensive interviews and debriefings with multiple officials, the local and national media, and the Air Force officials Schmidt was pressured to recant his public testimony by the Chief of Police.  Schmidt was mysteriously jailed without charges for two days, and then committed to a mental institution in Hastings, Nebraska. All this was done without him being allowed legal representation. He was eventually released after intervention by his family and employer.  The heavy pressure placed on Schmidt to change his story after the intervention of two USAF officials, clearly suggests that key elements of it threatened national security. In fact his release from custody was likely a result of him agreeing to change key elements of his story.  Schmidts testimony suggested, as in the cases of Adamski and Wannall, that craft belonging to a German Secret Space Program were actively overflying and landing on US territories, Any reference to the German origin of the craft were downplayed, and instead references to extraterrestrials from Venus, Saturn or elsewhere were emphasized.  Conclusion  In conclusion, the material examined in this three part series of articles suggests that the George Adamski contactee case, as well as the Wannall and Schmidt cases, were very likely cases of US citizens interacting with members of a German Space Program operating out of Antarctica. Both the occupants of the flying saucer craft, as well as the US military hid the German connection and encouraged the extraterrestrial hypothesis to explain their origin.  This is not to say that all alleged extraterrestrial contact cases really involve public interaction with members of a German secret space program operating out of Antarctica. After all, the Germans had been helped by extraterrestrials who had supplied them with operational spacecraft for reverse engineering during World War II, and had helped the Germans establish their Antarctica bases.  Despite the extraterrestrial involvement in the German Space Program, there is a need to review the 1950s and 1960s contactee cases to determine the true origins of the alleged Space Brothers, and Pentagon efforts to suppress the truth.  The US national security establishment encouraged the debunking of contactees such as Adamski, Schmidt and many others, not because they feared the public learning about extraterrestrial visitation, but because they feared the public learning the truth about the German breakaway colony in Antarctica.  The most powerful nation states of the era, the US, Britain, France and the Soviet Union did not want their citizens to learn that not only had a remnant of Nazi Germany survived World War II, but that its technological achievements in advanced aerospace technologies had become so dominant that the former Allied powers had nothing to match these with.  It was hoped that secret agreements, infiltration of German Antarctic facilities and deception would be the tools to bridge the technological gap. In the meantime, the truth would be suppressed about the German connection to the Space Brothers encounters that Adamski, Schmidt, Wannall and other contactees began having in the 1950s.  [Click for Part 1 and Part 2 of this series]   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  FURTHER READING  (Visited 10,761 times, 3 visits today)  Tags: Pentagon) = 0
(Now Available! Antarcticas Hidden History: Corporate Foundations of Secret Space Programs  Antarctica is a land about to be exposed over its well-guarded secrets and ancient hidden mysteries   In 1955, as a result of a secret agreement reached between the Eisenhower Administration and a German breakaway group in Antarctica, a transnational corporate space program began to emerge. The secret infusion of personnel and resources from US military contractors into Antarctica allowed this transnational corporate program to steadily grow into a major space power, which would eventually surpass and eclipse the secret space programs run by the US Navy, Air Force, and the classified space programs of other nations.  Whistleblower claims substantiate that many of the classified programs conducted there violate the 1961 Antarctic Treaty, and constitute crimes against humanity due to the abuse of a captive slave labor force. Dr. Michael Salla daringly exposes the major corporations involved in these illegal programs, and how the truth is hidden from company shareholders and the public. Today, Antarcticas secrets are slowly being revealed by the increasing volcanic activity that is melting the massive ice shelves, exposing ancient artifacts and crashed extraterrestrial spacecraft.  Full disclosure of Antarcticas history, and current events involving multiple space programs and transnational corporations, will vitally aid in transforming our planet, and prepare humanity for the major geological events that lie ahead as the melting ice unveils all that has previously been hidden.  About the Author: Dr Michael Salla is a former university professor in international relations, and is the author of Insiders Reveal Secret Space Programs and Extraterrestrial Alliances (Book 1 in Secret Space Program Series, 2015), and The US Navys Secret Space Program and Nordic Extraterrestrial Alliance (Book 2 in the Series) both of which became #1 Amazon Best Sellers. He is also the author/editor of nine other books dealing with Exopolitics, International Conflict, U.S. Foreign Policy and Global Peace.  Antarcticas Hidden History: Corporate Foundations of Secret Space Program is 452 pages in length, and is Book 3 in the Secret Space Programs Series.  Released March 25, 2018    Paperback edition from Amazon.com  Cost $24.95    Kindle edition from Amazon.com  Cost $9.99  Autographed paperback edition from Exopolitics.org  (Orders Ship by April 5)  (Visited 5,715 times, 80 visits today)  Tags: Antarctica, corporate space program, Michael Salla, secret space programs) = 0
(Trump Executive Order targets Deep State & Opens Door to Full Disclosure  Something very profound happened in the U.S. on December 21 with the passage of President Donald Trumps Executive Order Blocking the Property of Persons Involved in Serious Human Rights Abuse or Corruption. The order declared a state of national emergency concerning human rights and corruption, and named specific individuals and organizations that would have their bank accounts and assets frozen regardless of where in the world the abuses had occurred.    While the mainstream media has largely ignored Trumps Executive Order, the alternative media has been paying close attention. Many have noted the Executive Order is far more significant than what it appears to be on the surface. Rather than just freezing the financial resources of foreign citizens linked to the Russian sphere of influence, as it superficially appears to do, it is really targeted at members of the Deep State (aka Cabal or Illuminati) that have been involved in human trafficking, pedophilia and systemic corruption all over the planet.  The language of the Executive Order is very open ended in terms of how international corruption and human rights abuses threaten US national security:  I, DONALD J. TRUMP, President of the United States of America, find that the prevalence and severity of human rights abuse and corruption that have their source, in whole or in substantial part, outside the United States, such as those committed or directed by persons listed in the Annex to this order, have reached such scope and gravity that they threaten the stability of international political and economic systemsThe United States seeks to impose tangible and significant consequences on those who commit serious human rights abuse or engage in corruption, as well as to protect the financial system of the United States from abuse by these same persons.  I therefore determine that serious human rights abuse and corruption around the world constitute an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States, and I hereby declare a national emergency to deal with that threat.    Its annex identifies key individuals and organizations, several of whom are clearly associated with Russia. The Executive Order is linked to the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act that emerged from the murder of a prominent dissident exposing human rights abuses and corruption in Russia.    This linkage can easily lead readers into falsely believing that the Executive Order is solely intended to target corrupt Russian officials, and corruption and human rights abuses by countries in Russias sphere of influence.  Yet, as a number of alternative media sources point out, Trumps Executive Order goes well beyond the Russian sphere of influence. It is really targeting the Deep State, and fulfilling his 2016 campaign pledge to drain the swamp .    For example, Jim Stone, a freelance journalist, writes:  The executive order is presented as a national emergency up front, right in the beginning. At first it reads like hes going after foreigners which are named directly in an annex at the end. Thats not what this is. The first part of the order only cements the second part of the order, to prevent American criminals from running away to foreign countries and being supported by foreigners.  To sum this up:  No swamp critter can accept help from another swamp critter in getting away  Child traffickers and other human rights abuses are covered, the stealing of and misuse of government funds is covered, all items are covered for foreigners and U.S. citizens, any foreigners who have assets in the U.S. that have done anything against the U.S. for the purpose of supporting the American swamp will have those assets seized, anyone in violation of anything in this executive order will have their assets seized .    An anonymous whistleblower using the pseudonym MegaAnon says that the Executive Order has led to many powerful members of the Deep State waking up with no financial resources.  Guess what? The Swamps financials FROZE OVER while they all slept last night, yall.  Its gonna be a LOOOOOONG Christmas break for them they were all broke before sunrise   This covers kids/humans, drugs, arms/guns, WMDs/chemicals/Uranium, organs, etc.  Now if you want to know who in our swamp woke up with frozen accounts, foundations, charities, side businesses and shell orgs/LLCs, etc. dig into the annex list    The Executive Order and the language it uses really does mark a momentous event. Quite simply, it marks a transfer of political power from the Deep State to the U.S. military in terms of who is really in control of the U.S. Republic.  Its no secret that Donald Trump has surrounded himself with senior military officers who share his desire to drain the swamp. His Chief of Staff, John Kelly, is a retired four star USMC general; his Secretary of Defense, James Mattis, is also a retired four star USMC general; his National Security Advisor, James McMaster, is an active duty three star US Army general; his head of the National Security Agency, Mike Rogers, is an active duty four star Navy Admiral; the head of the Secret Service, Randolph Alles is a retired two star Marine General; and the list goes on.  The role of Admiral Mike Rogers is particularly significant since he broke ranks with the US intelligence community back in late 2016 to warn Trump about a Deep State effort to undermine and even prevent him from coming into power by spying on his transition team. While Trump was President-elect, Rogers traveled to Trump Tower on November 17, 2016 to warn him of the Deep State plans.    The next day, the Washington Post reported on a recommendation by the Intelligence Community and Pentagon in October 2016 to sack Rogers. President Obamas Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, and the Secretary of Defense, Ashton Carter, reportedly were dissatisfied with Rogers performance, including his visit to Trump:  In a move apparently unprecedented for a military officer, Rogers, without notifying superiors, traveled to New York to meet with Trump on Thursday at Trump Tower. That caused consternation at senior levels of the administration, according to the officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal personnel matters.    CIA Director John Brennon was a key player in the effort to remove Rogers as illustrated by the Washington Post story which is the traditional official news outlet promoting CIA interests. To his credit, President Obama did not take action against Rogers.    Now more than a year after these back stage maneuverings, Rogers remains at the helm of the NSA closely monitoring the global activities of the Deep State and advising Trump and his National Security team.    This has been especially significant when it came to the Central Intelligence Agency which has long been the key U.S. institution in funding and enforcing the will of the Deep State.  In particular, the CIAs Clandestine Services and Counterintelligence divisions were instrumental in creating an unofficial black budget for funding highly classified projects and operations ever since the CIAs creation in 1947.  These two branches of the CIA have long been the secret enforcers of Deep State as best illustrated in the Kennedy Assassination. James Jesus Angleton, chief of the CIAs Counterintelligence office, played a direct role, while Richard Helms (Deputy Director of Plans) provided covert support for the operation.    Trumps elevation of former congressman, Mike Pompeo, to become CIA Director was intended to bring the CIA under direct Presidential authority. Pompeo was, however, effectively sidelined from exercizing any real power over the CIAs covert operations. It was Pompeos more balanced approach to US-Russia relations that earned him the enmity of shadowy CIA groups.    The situation dramatically changed on Saturday November 18, when a number of USMC helicopters flew over the CIAs Headquarters in Langley, Virginia. A former FBI agent, Hal Turner confirmed through credible sources that the helicopters had buzzed the CIA HQ for roughly 30 minutes.  The intent was clear, the USMC was threatening the CIAs clandestine services division to get on board with the Trump administration or else. This is not the first time that the CIA has been intimidated by a US President threatening to unleash the US military against it.  In 1958, President Eisenhower threatened the CIAs Area 51 facilities in Nevada with invasion by the US First Army stationed at Colorado if the CIA did not fully disclose all its classified programs there. In a May 2013 video interview, a former CIA operative revealed what he heard Eisenhower tell his boss to relay to the mysterious MJ-12 Committee in charge of the Area 51 facility, for which the CIA provided operational security.  The clearest sign that the CIA is now firmly under Trumps control is President Putin thanking President Trump and Pompeo for thwarting a planned terrorist attack against a prominent St Petersberg cathedral. A December 17 Kremlin Press Release stated:  Vladimir Putin thanked Donald Trump for the information passed on by the United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) that helped detain the terrorists who plotted to set off explosions at Kazan Cathedral in St Petersburg and other public places in the city. The information received from the CIA was enough to locate and detain the criminals.  The Russian President asked the US President to convey his appreciation to the Central Intelligence Agency director and the operatives of US intelligence services who received this information.    It is unprecedented for a Russian Head of State to publicly thank the CIA. The underlying message was clear, the CIA was now under the control of White Hats in the U.S. national security system and Putin was very grateful.  What we are witnessing with Trumps December 21 Executive Order is the final act of a well thought out plan to sideline the Deep State, drain the swamp , and reinstate direct Presidential authority over the U.S. national security system. Effectively, we are witnessing a handover of real power from the Deep State to the U.S. military via Donald Trump as Commander in Chief.  What is particularly noteworthy in the Executive Order is that this transfer of power is being done quietly behind the scenes with little mainstream attention. Key figures in the Deep State are finding their global financial resources frozen, and are being secretly detained via sealed indictments that now have worldwide impact due to Trumps Executive Order.  By late November, there were over four thousand sealed federal indictments being tracked by alternative news journalists such as Hal Turner. Many of these are being enforced by Special Operations Command personnel that are going around the planet arresting key Deep State figures.  All this leads to the question, what does all this mean for a seven decades-long suppression of the truth regarding extraterrestrial life and technology, the existence of a breakaway German colony in Antarctica, and the existence of multiple secret space programs?  The way in which the Executive Order has been crafted for a specific target, and quietly enforced is that the U.S. military is wanting to keep much of what is occurring off the public radar. The primary reason for doing so is clearly to minimize disruption to the U.S. political system while the transfer of power takes place.  Once the transfer process is complete, we can expect some of the sealed indictments being publicly revealed, and Trump publicly declaring victory in his effort to drain the swamp. We can expect a lot of unexpected retirements by indicted individuals who are currently making plea deals to escape imprisonment. Individuals involved in the most egregious human rights abuses such as child trafficking, will very likely be publicly exposed and tried.  As the transfer of power process moves forward, we can expect that more of the truth about secret space programs, Antarctica and extraterrestrial life will be disclosed. Based on how the U.S. military is dealing with key figures from the Deep State, it can be predicted that disclosure will take place in a gradual manner that does not disrupt the social fabric of US and stability of the global community.  Disclosure is inevitable, but with the U.S. military now increasingly in charge of the American end of the process, disclosure is likely to happen in a series of gradual steps that culminate in sweeping changes all across the planet as advanced technologies involving zero-point energy, antigravity propulsion and holographic healing are strategically released.  While removal of the Deep State and its corrosive global influence through human rights abuses and corruption is a welcome development, the outsized behind-the-scenes influence of the U.S. military in the Trump administration is a cause for concern in the long term. Predictably, disclosures that will occur throughout the remainder of the Trump administration will promote US national security interests largely defined through a military mindset.  President Eisenhowers greatest lament over the way classified projects involving advanced technologies were being managed in the U.S. was that excessive secrecy cut out the best people from the decision making process. Only full disclosure will prevent a similar problem from arising in the future where a new Deep State emerges, one dominated by military interests, with control over advanced technologies, which it uses to dominate the rest of humanity.  Full disclosure is essential for humanity transitioning from an insular planet dominated either by criminal syndicates or a military mindset, into to a more informed peaceful planetary society worthy of becoming a full member of a galactic community.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 36,755 times, 11 visits today)  Tags: Deep State, Donald Trump, Executive Orders, full disclosure) = 0
(YouTube Purge of Social Media threatens Full Disclosure  YouTube has begun purging its popular video hosting platform of channels that challenge the narrative coming out of the mainstream news media across a wide spectrum of topics. This has led to outright terminations and strikes against some of the more popular channels, which have been exhorting viewers to question the conventional news narrative.  These channels have been accused to be participating in hate speech or bullying due to them vigorously addressing controversial topics, transgressing norms of political correctness, or exploring evidence that some national tragedies may have been false flag attacks. Among the topics that appear to have attracted the attention of YouTube censors are disclosures by QAnon, which allegedly involves information released by covert U.S. Army Intelligence operatives.  The YouTube video purge not only has grave implications for free speech, but can also seriously impact on the prospects for full disclosure of secret space programs, UFOs, and the advanced technologies and hidden intelligence behind these.  These subjects have been successfully kept secret for decades due to mainstream media either ignoring or ridiculing their seriousness, or by removing journalists from their positions for covering them. I found this out first hand as a citizen journalist for the Examiner.com online newspaper where I had over 50 million pages views for over 300 articles written from 2009 to 2015.  All my content was summarily removed when a new editorial policy was adopted where exopolitics and many other alternative news topics were no longer considered legitimate news. Hundreds of citizen journalists writing highly popular blog articles were dismissed without any appeal process. All this badly backfired on the Examiner which by July 2016 was forced to shut down.  Its no surprise then that the CIA has been found to have compromised media organizations in order to shape the mainstream media narrative. I would not be surprised that the Examiner had been similarly compromised. Therefore, any attempt to suppress alternative media sources that challenge mainstream news is a threat to full disclosure.  YouTube, owned by Google, has very recently begun using an army of 10,000 moderators to police the thousands of videos uploaded to its platform on a daily basis. In addition, progressive liberal organizations such as the Southern Poverty Law Center are being used as Trusted Flaggers which target YouTube users that vigorously challenge the mainstream news narrative.  Strikes are issued by the moderators and/or flaggers with only a very brief reference to the category of the YouTube community guidelines that has been allegedly transgressed. s No detailed explanation is given for the strike nor is the individual moderator(s) or organization behind the strike identified.  Among the first YouTube channels to be terminated under their three strikes policy was the Richie Allen Show on February 22, which had over 76,000 subscribers and 1,400 videos. Jordan Sathers Destroying the Illusion channel was terminated on February 26 (120,000 subscribers), as was Jerome Corsis channel (34,000 subscribers) on March 1. Strikes were also given to Alex Jones/Infowars ( 2.3 million subscribers and 33,000 videos), Mark Dice (1.2 million subscribers) and a growing list of others.  [Update 3/4/18] On late Saturday night, Alex Jones reported that YouTube was poised to delete his channel:  When challenged, some of the strikes have been reversed, and channels restored as occurred with Corsi, who received White House support from back channel discussions. Interestingly, both Corsi and Sather were giving a lot of coverage to the QAnon disclosures.  Officials linked to QAnon may have even stepped in to save Corsis channel. Sather instead has created a replacement YouTube channel called Destroying the Illusion 2.0., where he plans to continue examining the QAnon material, secret space programs and many other topics.  The long-term prospects for YouTube channels and news sites challenging mainstream media narratives does not look good due to the moderators and flaggers actively posting strikes against many channels challenging mainstream news narratives.  YouTube, Twitter and Facebook are at different stages in downgrading, hiding and/or terminating alternative media sites in a transparent and foolhardy effort to get people to buy back into the mainstream media narrative on topical issues.  YouTube, along with Twitter and Facebook, are destined to fail since there is a growing social movement that simply doesnt trust the mainstream news narrative, which many believe is hopelessly compromised by Deep State actors such as the CIA.  This is a phenomenon that is not going to be reversed during the Trump administration given the highly partisan nature of American politics, and the rapid growth in the popularity of the QAnon revelations which are being followed by as many as 20 million people (Q post 809).  What YouTube, Twitter and Facebook are doing is only highlighting how they have been compromised by individuals and groups that have a vested interest in hiding the machinations of the Deep State, and covering up the truth on an extensive number of topics.  In the meantime, it would be wise for individuals to support alternative media by directly visiting the websites of content providers, which are not controlled by YouTube, Twitter and Facebook. Subscribe to RSS feeds, email lists, etc., of your favorite sites, and dont become too dependent on social media platforms such as YouTube, Twitter and Facebook, which are only going to continue to terminate accounts of those not supporting the mainstream media narrative. Here is a list of alternative social media platforms that dont censor posters.    In the case of information concerning secret space programs and exopolitics I recommend subscribing to the RSS and email feeds of exopolitics.org which is my personal site, or exonews.org which hosts a diverse collection of exopolitics authors, and stories from around the internet.  As far as the YouTube purge of channels promoting the QAnon information, the quick reinstatement of the Corsi channel after possible White House intervention raises hopes that this new policy direction may similarly backfire on YouTube and Google, as it did for Examiner.com back in 2016.  The threat posed by the YouTube purge is very real and preemptive steps need to be taken by all who value alternative news perspectives, and desire social media to be an effective means of promoting full disclosure.     Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 6,299 times, 35 visits today)  Tags: full disclosure, Jerome Corsi, Jordan Sather, secret space programs, YouTube purge) = 0
(Did President Trump Endorse Q Info on Secret Indictments of Pedophile Network?  On November 25, President Donald Trump re-tweeted an alternative news article lauding many of the accomplishments achieved during his administration so far. The site he retweeted, MAGAPILL soon crashed as many of the Presidents 42 million followers went there to learn more.  What is significant about the article and site he retweeted is that it featured a November 19 story about an alleged whistleblower called Q, who has been releasing a lot of information about what is really going on behind the scenes in Washington DC.  In retweeting the story and link to the MAGAPILL site, which he lauded as a genuine news site in contrast to fake news sites, was Trump indirectly endorsing Qs information as genuine? If so, then the ramifications are enormous. First, lets begin with Trumps re-tweet.  Wow, even I didnt realize we did so much. Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you. https://t.co/ApVbu2b0Jd  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 25, 2017  The article he referred to is titled President Donald Trumps Accomplishment List and an archived copy is available here. It lists his accomplishments across a broad spectrum of political, economic and national security areas.  What is arguably more significant is that at the very top of this article was a large banner linking to a featured story Q Clearance Patriot: The Storm and the Awakening: follow the white rabbit.  By clicking the banners link, Trump interested readers are taken to a November 19 article that discusses the revelations of Q, an alleged high-level insider spilling the beans on what is happening behind the scenes.  The Q material discusses an enormous number of topics such as secret indictments of the political elite, current events in Saudi Arabia and Trumps national security briefings by figures such as NSA Director, Admiral Michael Rogers.  The preface found on the MAGAPILL site mentions the enormity of the information released in this article, and provides some highlights of the released material. Among the more interesting is the view that rather than former FBI Director Robert Mueller conducting a serious investigation into the links between Russia and the Trump Presidential campaign, Mueller is really investigating a corrupt pedophile network that has secretly monopolized power in the US:  The Special Counsel is not corrupt. Let me say that again, the special counsel, headed by Mueller, is not running a corrupt investigation. Hes doing the job properly under the guise of investigating the Trump team. This has lowered the guard of the true targets because nobody anticipated it, including the media. There are an unprecedented number of sealed indictments across the nation right now that have not been executed, over 1100 sealed indictments at last glance.  Many high level officials will soon be arrested to actually Drain the Swamp beyond what anyone thought was possible. Once the corruption and the type of corruption is revealed to the American people, it will trigger The Awakening. This event will be something unlike anything youve ever witnessed, Americans will unite behind Trump and his administration for cleaning house.    There have been persistent rumors of hundreds of secret Grand Jury indictments that are on the verge of being unleashed. These rumors have been circulating for weeks and a number of alternative media figures have closely analyzed some of the Q material that refers to them.  Among these figures is Jordan Sather, whose Destroying the Illusion Youtube channel has gained over 65,000 subscribers due to his cogent analyses of the Q material and other topical issues. Sather released a video on November 26 analyzing Trumps retweet of the MAGAPILL article, and was the first to raise the possibility that Trump was indirectly endorsing the legitimacy of the Q material.  While the Q material is quite extensive, its core claim that Mueller, as Special Counsel, has really been investigating a corrupt pedophile network, rather than the alleged Russia Trump campaign connection, is very significant.  Of special interest is Meuellers background as a former US Marine Corps Captain (1968-1971) who was highly decorated for his bravery during the Vietnam War. Its worth noting that the Secretary of Defense, James Mattis is a retired four star USMC general, as is Trumps Chief of Staff, John Kelly. Given the deep loyalty of former USMC personnel to their military service (semper fidelis  always faithful), its very possible that Meuller is secretly following an agenda sanctioned by Mattis and Kelly.  We also need to keep in mind claims that on November 18, a number of USMC helicopters allegedly buzzed the CIAs Headquarters in Langley, Virginia. While initial reports erroneously referred to the CIAs HQ being stormed by the USMC, a former FBI agent, Hal Turner confirmed through credible sources that the helicopters had only buzzed the CIA HQ for roughly 30 minutes.  Did nearby residents in McLean suddenly notice a large number of loud helicopters overhead, moving toward or from the area of the CIA. The repeated answer to that question has been Yes.  Many (very many) residents of McLean, VA have confirmed they found themselves hearing large numbers of loud aircraft overhead on Saturday, and that the sounds lasted more then 30 minutes!    The intent was clear, the USMC was threatening the CIAs clandestine services division to get on board with the Trump administration or else. This is not the first time that the CIA has been intimidated by a US President threatening to unleash the US military against its facilities.  In 1958, President Eisenhower threatened the CIAs Area 51 facilities in Nevada with invasion by the US First Army stationed at Colorado if the CIA did not fully disclose all its classified programs there. In a May 2013 video interview, a former CIA operative revealed what he heard Eisenhower tell his boss to relay to the mysterious MJ-12 Committee in charge of the Area 51 facility, for which the CIA provided operational security:  We called the people in from MJ-12, from Area 51 and S-4, but they told us that the government had no jurisdiction over what they were doing. I want you and your boss to fly out there. I want you to give them a personal message. I want you to tell them, whoever is in charge, I want you to tell them that they have this coming week to get into Washington and to report to me. And if they dont, Im going to get the First Army from Colorado. we are going to go over and take the base over. I dont care what kind of classified material you got. We are going to rip this thing apart.    This takes us finally to the testimony of Michael Gerloff, who has served with the USMC, US Army Rangers and Seattle Police over a period spanning 20 years from 1978 to 2001. Gerloff says that he was part of a secret USMC intelligence group established by President Eisenhower in the early 1950s, that continues to the present day.  According to Gerloff, the USMC was given special responsibility by Eisenhower to act as an institutional bulwark against systemic corruption that threatened the US Constitution and the Republic. This corruption stemmed from the creation of secret space programs that worked closely with major defense contractors at remote locations such as Area 51.  What we are witnessing now with over a thousand secret indictments allegedly generated by Mueller, Trumps USMC/Navy dominated administration, USMC helicopters buzzing CIA HQ and Gerloffs claims, is that we are on the verge of major revelations about deep systemic corruption that has plagued the US. The role of the USMC in taking the lead in cleaning up this systemic corruption is slowly being revealed.  Trumps retweet of the MAGAPILL article appears to be an endorsement of the view that secret indictments established by Meuller are on the verge of being disclosed, thereby triggering many further revelations that will awaken the general public. In the meantime, Trump is encouraging those among the American public who are ready, to go down the rabbit hole to learn the truth about systemic corruption, powerful pedophile networks, and secret space programs.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 18,379 times, 8 visits today)  Tags: Donald Trump, Michael Gerloff, pedophile networks, President Eisenhower, Robert Mueller, USMC) = 0
(Photos of Triangle Shaped Antigravity Craft over Orlando, Florida  The following video analyses a series of five photos taken in a remote area of Orlando, Florida by my anonymous source, JP, on March 16, 2018. The photos show a craft estimated by JP to be flying/hovering at an altitude 2000-5000 feet high, and the size of two jumbo jets.  JP says that he had a missing time experience of approximately 30 minutes before taking the photo. On previous occasions where he has had missing time, he has been able to subsequently recall being taken on board the craft of a U.S. Air Force run secret space program, or cylindrical craft of alleged Nordic extraterrestrials.  He has also been prompted on several occasions by covert personnel to take photos of the craft he has subsequently witnessed. JP has identified some of the personnel on board these craft wearing the patch U.S. Air Force Special Operations.  The video shows close ups of the craft in the photos and how similar it is to a 2004 patent design for a triangle shaped spacecraft.  The symmetrical geometry of the craft in JPs photos, the smooth edges, the apparent width of the craft, and some kind of large hemisphere generator in the center, is all very similar to the 2004 patent design for a Triangle Spacecraft as the following side by side comparison shows.  Coincidentally, the photos in the video were taken only three days after President Donald Trump gave a speech calling for the creation of a Space Force, which I discussed in my previous article as a step towards disclosure of the US Air Force run secret space program. This raises the possibility that JPs sightings are part of a USAF backed disclosure initiative that is being supported by the Trump administration.  I have known JP since 2008 and believe him to be a credible source who has had numerous experiences with both craft belonging to a US Air Force run secret space, and alleged Nordic extraterrestrials. Please review the further reading section for some of these articles that include his photos of craft he has witnessed, and/or been taken aboard, which help corroborate his experiences.  What follows are the originals of the first and fourth photos used in my video analysis of the March 16 photos for those wishing to conduct further photographic analysis.  Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Feel free to share this article with original links.  FURTHER READING  (Visited 2 times, 3 visits today)  Tags: antigravity spacecraft, Flying Triangles, USAF Space Program) = 0
(by Arjun Walia March 10, 2018 (collective-evolution.com)   In 1964, Ufologist Bob Dean (pictured above) was a soldier in the U.S. Army. One day as he was working in the war room, an Air Force Colonel gave Dean a classified document from the vault containing a report stating that there were at least four different non-terrestrial groups that had been closely watching humans on Earth for hundreds if not thousands of years. The report concluded that the non-terrestrials did not appear to be a threat because if they were hostile toward us, there was absolutely nothing we could do and it would have been over a long time ago. (See below a 1:07:28 video lecture by Bob Dean given in July 2009 at the European Exopolitics Summit, in Barcelona, filmed by Project Camelot.)   Former Canadian Defence Minister Paul Hellyer has also mentioned this same report, stating in an interview with RT news that they decided to do an investigation, and they investigated for three years, and they decided that, with absolute certainty, that four species, four different species, at least, have been visiting this plant for thousands of years. Theres been a lot more activity in the last few decades, since we invented the atomic bomb.   Dean related that NASA erased 40 rolls of film of the Apollo 12 Moon Landing Program in 1969  the flight to the Moon, the flight around the Moon, the landings on the Moon, the walking guys here and there. Now were talking about several thousand individual frames that were taken that the so-called authorities determined that you did not have a right to see. Oh, they were disruptive, socially unacceptable, politically unacceptable. Ive become furious. Im a retired Command Sergeant Major. I was never famous for having a lot of patience.   Hundreds of people, many of whom hold high-ranking positions, have been speaking up about this topic for decades. Its pretty hard to believe that so many people with verified credentials would lie about something that could so easily damage their careers and reputation.  I was working in the war room one early morning . . . Im sitting there nodding off, and this American Air Force full Colonel looked at me and he says, Wake up. He went over to the vault . . . we kept classified documents in there . . . the Colonel went over to the vault and pulled out this document (titled An Assessment: An Evaluation of a Possible Military Threat to Allied Forces in Europe) and threw it on my desk, and he says Read that, thatll wake you up. Ladies and gentlemen my life changed. I opened the first page and I couldnt put it down. . . . I was shocked, I was stunned, by the implications of what I read in that study. . . . The study briefly, and I have to briefly lay this out, the study simply concluded this: They concluded that the planet Earth and the human race had been under some kind of survey or observation going on for hundreds if not thousands of years. They concluded in 1964 that there were at least four different groups coming here, observing us, surveilling us, analyzing us, closely watching us  what we were up to, what we were doing. They concluded that there did not appear to be a military threat involved because the repeated demonstrations of incredibly advanced technology demonstrated to us that if they had been hostile or malevolent, there was absolutely nothing we could do. If they were evil in their intent and they were hostile toward us, it would have been over a long time ago.  Above is an excerpt of a lecture given by Robert (Bob) Dean, a retired US Army Command Sergeant Major who served for 28 years. In the lecture below, he provides a wealth of mind-altering information that corroborates with what many other whistleblowers have shared.  The lecture was given in July 2009 at the European Exopolitics Summit, which took place in Barcelona and was filmed by Project Camelot.  Dean is one of hundreds, if not thousands, of people with verified credentials coming forward to share what they have experienced during their military careers. With regards to the statement above, former Canadian Defence Minister Paul Hellyer has also mentioned the same report that Dean refers to, stating in an interview with RT news that they decided to do an investigation, and they investigated for three years, and they decided that, with absolute certainty, that four species, four different species, at least, have been visiting this plant for thousands of years. He also mentions theres been a lot more activity in the last few decades, since we invented the atomic bomb.  Yes there have been crashed craft, and bodies recovered. . . . We are not alone in the universe, they have been coming here for a long time. I happen to be privileged enough to be in on the fact that we have been visited on this planet, and the UFO phenomenon is real.  Apollo 14 astronaut Dr. Edgar Mitchell  The fact that hundreds of such people, many of whom hold high-ranking positions, have been speaking up about this topic for decades is fascinating. Its pretty hard to believe that so many people with verified credentials would all lie about something that could so easily damage their careers.  Although there is no definitive way to prove to the mainstream world that ET is real, we now have hundreds of thousands of documents from multiple countries putting to rest the question Do UFOs exist? We know they do from these documents, which show objects are tracked on radar, spotted by the pilots sent to intercept, and in some cases, simultaneously tracked on ground radar.  Watch Bob Deans full lecture below, and see the photos that NASA doesnt want you to see.  READ ENTIRE ARTICLE  FAIR USE NOTICE: This page contains copyrighted material the use of which has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. ExoNews.org distributes this material for the purpose of news reporting, educational research, comment and criticism, constituting Fair Use under 17 U.S.C  107. Please contact the Editor at ExoNews with any copyright issue.) = 0
(Did 2004 UFO Incident involve Aliens or Russian Antigravity Spacecraft?  On October 11, Rockstar Tom DeLonge hosted a live streaming of the formal launch of his To the Stars Academy of Arts and Science. During the launch, he introduced Luis Elizondo, a former career intelligence officer, who headed a nearly decade-long Pentagon program to investigate Unidentified Aerial Threats.  Film footage from a November 14, 2004 UFO incident involving multiple F-18 jets from the USS Nimitz was introduced and it was announced that official files were now made available by the Pentagon for public scrutiny.  Navy pilots described the UFO as defying the laws of physics, and not part of any U.S. conventional aerospace program as described by Dave Fravor (Commander, US Navy ret.), one of the pilots who witnessed the incident who was referred to in a March 2015 article:  On several occasions beginning 10 November [2004], the Fire Control Officer and the extremely experienced Fire Control Senior Chief had detected multiple returns descending from far above the radars scan volumesomewhere higher than 80,000 ft. The targets, dubbed Anomalous Aerial Vehicles (AAVs), would drop from above 80K to hover roughly 50 feet off the water in a matter of seconds.  Always over the same spot, a Lat/Long about 30NM off the coast of Baja, roughly 70nm southwest of Tijuana. At the time, the SPY-1 was the most sophisticated and powerful tactical radar on the planet. With it, they were able to track these AAVs while they descended, hovered and then zipped away at speeds, turn rates and accelerations faster than any known friendly or threat aircraft. Impossibly fast.  An official US Navy Event Summary Report of the incident had earlier been made available online. Nevertheless, most of the mainstream media simply ignored DeLonges launch and the abundant documentation related to the UFO incident.  All that changed on December 16, 2017, when the New York Times and Politico ran a story focusing on Elizondo and the 2004 UFO incident. More details were released about Elizondos Pentagon program which we learned was officially funded from 2007 to 2012 by a $22 million grant created by a group of Congressmen led by former Senator Harry Reid.  The funds were funneled through Reids billionaire friend, Robert Bigelow, who runs a civilian based aerospace company to build expandable human habitats for Earth Orbit and Deep Space missions.  There has subsequently been a tsunami of mainstream media reports about the Pentagon program headed by Elizondo, the $22 million funding it received and the 2004 incident. DeLonge and his To The Stars Academy was suddenly major news around the world.  The tone set in the media coverage was respectful and serious as illustrated in a Tucker Carlson interview of the Navy pilot from the 2004 incident.    The mainstream media was telling the public that it was time to discard the tinfoil hat association that has long prevented serious scrutiny of the UFO phenomenon.  Why the two month long delay in covering Elizondos testimony and the 2004 UFO incident? Were the New York Times and Politico stories designed to kickstart a long-hoped for official disclosure process concerning UFOs which DeLonge has been suggesting for well over a year and a half with the launch of his Sekret Machines multimedia project in April 2016?  There is little doubt that DeLonge has been assisted by a group of high level insiders that have chosen him as the vehicle for disclosing the truth behind the UFO phenomenon. In March, 2016, DeLonge gave a number of interviews where he said that he was given access to 10 high level insiders, including generals, who had agreed to be part of his advisory team.    In mid-2016, Wikileaks released emails showing a clear link between the Hillary Clinton Presidential campaign and DeLonge through her campaign chair, John Podesta. This corroborated DeLonges claim of being supported by high level insiders, and confirmed the US Air Force connection to DeLonge via retired Major General McCasland, the former head of a top secret research laboratory at Wright Paterson AFB. Another retired USAF Major General, Michael Carey, had written a back cover endorsement of Sekret Machines.    Indeed, subsequent UFO references by Clinton and Podesta, during the campaign appeared to be laying the foundation for future disclosures by a Clinton Presidency that would dovetail DeLonges initiative. The successful Trump Presidential campaign was a major setback in what appeared to be a highly orchestrated disclosure initiative that could be traced to the USAF.    This suggests that DeLonge is part of a USAF sanctioned disclosure initiative and any UFO cases that are officially released are designed to support his effort. This gives us a clue as to the likely origin of the UFOs witnessed and recorded from the 2004 Nimitz incident, which was carefully handpicked for DeLonges October 2017 launch of his To The Stars Academy, and the subsequent New York Times and Politico stories.  In his 2016, fiction based on fact book, Sekret Machines, DeLonge referred to a secret space program operated out of Area 51, Nevada, featuring both triangle and saucer shaped craft that were capable of defying the laws of physics through their antigravity technologies. Its important to emphasize that the purported facts in the book were presented to DeLonge by his 10 man advisory team, whom he believes have provided him the most authoritative disclosure yet to emerge on the topics of UFOs, extraterrestrial life and secret space programs.  The connection to the 2004 incident involving the USS Nimitz now becomes pertinent. In releasing official Pentagon information about the 2004 incident, was the intent to reveal the existence of extraterrestrial piloted UFOs or of a secret space program run by a rival nation state?  The answer found in DeLonges Sekret Machines is that both the USAF and Russia are described as possessing their own fleets of antigravity spacecraft capable of defying the laws of physics. Russias secret space program is described throughout the book as clear threat in terms of overflights of US territory and nuclear facilities, abductions of American citizens, and hostile military actions against US space assets.  There is little mention in DeLonges book of extraterrestrial life other than a vague reference to ancient Gods that deceived humanity through their advanced technologies, which today are seeded to major nations as modern apples of discord.  DeLonges first Sekret Machines book is an effort to depict the UFO phenomenon as primarily involving advanced aerospace vehicles first developed by Nazi Germany during World War II, and then reverse engineered by the US and Russia with the help of German scientists previously involved in the Nazi programs.  Its worth emphasizing that the high level of insider support given to DeLonge suggests that his books and initiatives are part of an officially sanctioned disclosure process, which is backed by the USAF in particular, and the Pentagon more generally.  All this suggests that the 2004 incident involving the USS Nimitiz will fit a narrative that is slowly emerging through DeLonges Sekret Machines book series and To The Stars Academy. This firmly points to the incident eventually being depicted as Russian antigravity craft taking a menacing posture to the Navy battle group.  There are obvious political advantages in depicting Russia possessing a secret space program that menaces US warships in international waters. This would make it possible for the Pentagon to receive substantial increases in funding for its own USAF run secret space program, which is just as advanced as the Russian program, according to DeLonge.  Depicting UFOs as national security threats posed by the Russians, with their steadily growing alliance with China, would enable programs created to deal with this threat to be kept highly classified. Indeed, the name of Elizondos Pentagon project, the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program, alludes to such a process already being underway.  Finally, revealing a Russian connection to the 2004 Nimitz incident, whether contrived or not, would feed into the anti-Russia hysteria that was generated by the US intelligence community over the election of Donald Trump. Fed by this hysteria of unknown Russian interference in the most sacrosanct of US political processes, many American citizens would likely buy into a new media narrative that Russia, with the growing support of China, has become a major global threat through a secret space program.  I hope Im wrong but there are clear signs that DeLonges Sekret Machines and To The Stars Academy disclosure initiatives are evolving into a limited hangout. Some of the truth about secret space programs and advanced technologies will be released, which is a welcome development. However, important information about other key aspects to the UFO phenomenon, such as extraterrestrial visitation, a German Secret Space Program that survived WWII, and a Navy run space program called Solar Warden operating in deep space, will continue to be suppressed.  The 2004 UFO incident is intriguing, and there may well be an other-worldly component, but its highly likely that this particular incident was chosen so that Russia would be eventually identified as the culprit for political reasons. Im sure major US defense contractors are salivating at the prospect of building fleets of armed antigravity spacecraft to respond to a contrived Russian (and Chinese) threat to US national security through a secret space program.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 5,222 times, 1 visits today)  Tags: Luis Elizondo, Sekret Machines, Tom DeLonge, UFOs, USS Nimitz) = 0
(by Jennifer Crompton March 8, 2018 (wmur.com)   Retired Navy Commander, David Fravor, one of four F-18 Navy pilots who witnessed the now infamous tic-tac shaped UFO off of the coast of San Diego in 2004, now lives in New Hampshire.   Favor describes the encounter: Looking from his jet to the oceans surface below, theres this blob of white water that has shape, like a 737 so theres something like a seamount thats under the water. A second tic-tac shaped UFO is seen (and recorded) hovering about 50 feet above the water. were descending, and [the UFO] starts to mirror us, and its coming up, so Im, like, Alright, thats pretty wild!'   Favor said that all four airmen were weirded out and not taken seriously when they returned to their Navy carrier. Favor believes that what they saw was not from this world. Honestly, I dont think we have the technology.   Fravor says that humanity could benefit by taking the UFO issue seriously. Lets just say you figure out how this thing works, and it has some revolutionary power source that we have not thought of It doesnt mean it doesnt exist.   See 2:35 minute video of David Fravor below.   As many as 10 UFO sightings per month are reported to the National UFO Reporting Center in New Hampshire, and are investigated by the Mutual UFO Network, a civilian organization that has chapters in every state. Its usually aircraft at high altitude or aircraft lights on approach. And then there are also aircraft that the United States dont want us to know about, says former MUFON investigator Mark Podell.  WINDHAM, N.H.   A decorated retired fighter pilot now living in New Hampshire is telling his tale of seeing something strange in the sky years ago.  Retired Navy Cmdr. David Fravor served in the Navy for 24 years, 18 of them as a pilot. Although he has a lot of experience in the air, theres one story about which hes asked most often.  During a routine exercise in 2004, Fravors plane and another were redirected by their air defense ship to an area off the coast of southern California to check out something that was picked up on radar.  And theres this blob of white water that has shape, like a 737, thats pointing this way, so theres something like a seamount thats under the water, Fravor said.  He said that another unidentified object, described as the shape of a Tic-Tac hovering about 50 feet above the water, was recorded by a planes camera.  So as we get to about here, about 12 oclock, were descending, and it starts to mirror us, and its coming up, so Im, like, Alright, thats pretty wild!' Fravor said.  He said the unidentified flying object interacted with his Super Hornet before flying off.  He described all four airmen as weirded out and not taken seriously when they returned to their carrier. Fravor said he believes that what they saw was not from this world.  Honestly, I dont think we have the technology, he said.  READ ENTIRE ARTICLE  FAIR USE NOTICE: This page contains copyrighted material the use of which has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. ExoNews.org distributes this material for the purpose of news reporting, educational research, comment and criticism, constituting Fair Use under 17 U.S.C  107. Please contact the Editor at ExoNews with any copyright issue.) = 0
(Did German Astronaut Pretend to be from Venus during Adamski 1952 Encounter?  Part one in this series raised the possibility that George Adamski was fooled into believing that Venus was the origin of Orthon, the flying saucer occupant he met in December 1952. There are a number of aspects about Adamskis 1952 contactee case that leads to the conclusion that Orthon was part of a German secret space program, and/or linked to an extraterrestrial alliance that had actively helped Nazi Germany leading up to and during World War.  The flying saucers that Adamski had photographed very closely resembled the Haunebu antigravity craft that had allegedly been developed in Nazi Germany.  The exact specifications of the Haunebu craft contained in Nazi SS files were first released by Vladimir Terziski, an engineer and former member of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences. The Nazi files were released after the collapse of the Warsaw Pact on February 25, 1991, and came into Terziskis possession after he had immigrated to the US in 1984.  Below is a comparison of a 1943 design of a Haunebu II flying saucer craft being developed by the Nazi SS for the war effort, and a scout craft photographed by Adamski in December 1952.  Note the major point of difference is that the Nazi craft had some kind of artillery device signifying an attempt at weaponizing flying saucer craft for the war effort. Indeed, in 1950, articles appeared in major newspapers around the world citing interviews with prominent Italian and German scientists who confirmed that the Axis powers had been cooperating in a secret effort to weaponize flying saucers.  The configuration of the 1943 Haunebu craft is so similar to those Adamski photographed in 1952 as to suggest that if not the same type of vehicle, then whoever developed the latter was at a similar technological level of development as the Germans in the mid-1940s.  Yet, if Orthon was from Venus, and part of an advanced interplanetary association as discussed by Zirger in his book, We Are Here: Visitors without a Passport (2017), then how could the first generation of Nazi flying saucers have been almost identical to craft used in a far more technologically evolved interplanetary society?  One explanation is that extraterrestrials had provided craft to Nazi Germany so that they could be reverse engineered. This is supported by information provided by former aerospace engineer, William Tompkins, who says that US Navy spies had reported during their debriefings at Naval Air Station, San Diego, from 1942 to 1946, that the Germans had been given over a dozen models of operational antigravity spacecraft.  The Nazis were furiously attempting to reverse engineer these for the war effort, but were ultimately unsuccessful as far as their European based programs were concerned.    Tompkins information helps us understand that the 1943 Haunebu II diagram was an attempt by the Nazis to weaponize an antigravity flying saucer, which had been given to Hitlers Third Reich by extraterrestrial allies as a result of a secret agreement.  Therefore, Orthon may have only pretended to be from Venus, in order to hide the existence of a German space program that had survived World War II.  Orthon only communicated with Adamski non-verbally using sign language during the 1952 Desert Center encounter. Adamski explained in a lecture that Orthon spoke mostly in a strange dialect wholly unintelligible to Adamski (We Are Here, Kindle Location 903of 5403).  Was the strange dialect High German which, as mentioned in Part 1 of this series, Reinhold Schmidt identified as being used by the spacecraft occupants during his 1957 contact experience. Schmidt had a German background and was also taught High German at school, but Adamski may have not been able to identify German dialects since his background was Polish-American.  Alternatively, Adamski may have known that Orthon spoke German, but was not allowed to publicly reveal this for national security reasons.  It has long been rumored that after each of his extraterrestrial contact experiences, Adamski was secretly flown from California to the Pentagon by the U.S. Air Force where he was debriefed about his contacts. In May 2009, a rare video was released containing interviews with various witnesses who knew about Adamski and his secret debriefings at the Pentagon.  The witnesses confirmed that Adamski possessed a military ordnance ID card which allowed him access into the Pentagon. The military ID was witnessed by several people, who had worked in various Department of Defense positions.  Among the witnesses was William Sherwood who had previously worked for the U.S. Army Ordnance Department and possessed his own Ordnance pass. Sherwood saw Adamskis Ordnance pass and confirmed its authenticity.  Sherwoods and other supporting testimony gives credence to rumors that Adamski was indeed secretly briefing the Pentagon about his extraterrestrial contacts.  In 1952, the Pentagon was well aware that a German Space Program had survived World War II and had begun operating over U.S. territory. Senior Pentagon officials wanted this to be kept secret. Consequently, it is very possible that Adamski was told not to say anything about Orthon speaking German to prevent the public from learning the truth.  The possibility that Orthon was part of a German Secret Space Program, based in Antarctica, which was operating over U.S. territory, is strengthened by events leading up to the 1952 Washington Flyover. This occurred only months before Adamskis encounter with Orthon.  (Continued in Part III, click here for Part 1)     Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 5,273 times, 1 visits today)  Tags: George Adamski, Haunebu, William Tompkins) = 0
(Did Extraterrestrials from Venus Make Contact in 1952?  French researcher Michel Zirger has written a highly detailed book on extraterrestrial contact which highlights the encounters of George Adamski with alleged extraterrestrials from Venus. In We Are Here: Visitors without a Passport (2017), Zirger provides a solid overview of a collection of photos and testimonies backing up Adamskis famed November 20, 1952 encounter near Desert Center, California. Zirger points out that Adamskis encounter was the first documented contact case with an occupant from a flying saucer craft, widely believed to be a Venusian extraterrestrial.  Six witnesses saw two UFO craft on the day of Adamskis encounter. The first was a large cigar shaped craft that flew overhead, and the second was a smaller saucer shaped scout craft that landed. From the scout craft an occupant emerged to meet with Adamski, who claimed to be from the planet Venus and went by the name, Orthon.  In his book, Zirger includes digitally enhanced copies of the original photos taken at Adamskis encounter which show both the scout craft hovering before landing, and its occupant who emerged after the landing. The photos were enhanced by Danish artist Rene Erik Olsen who has made the Desert Landing photos available on his website.    The following photo is an enhancement of a person (Orthon) walking from the direction of the landed scout craft towards Adamski. Discussion and close-ups are available in We Are Here.  The six witnesses to the landing and Adamskis encounter with its occupant signed an affidavit supporting Adamskis version of events that was subsequently published in his 1953 co-written book, The Flying Saucers Have Landed. Zirger cites one of the witnesses, George Hunt Williamson, who was recorded to say during a lecture:  I would like to reaffirm here that the experience, as George Adamski has related in Flying Saucers Have Landed, where my wife and I, along with friends of ours, were witnesses to the occurrence, happened exactly as Mr. Adamski mentions there in Flying Saucers Have Landed: the large craft was witnessed, and then through binoculars we did witness the other happenings about a mile away on the desert We did see Mr. Adamski talking to someone  at a distance. We saw the large craft. We saw flashes of light from it, from which we later learned the smaller craft had come out of the larger one. We did see a great opening in the bigger craft through which the smaller scout-ship must have originally left the larger ship. We did see the small ship as it hovered in the saddle [see photo of the base of the small hills where Adamski was standing]. (Kindle Edition 5203-10)    Despite the compelling evidence, Adamskis 1952 encounter was widely debunked. Zirger discusses the shocking extent to which evidence and testimonies supporting Adamskis famous Desert Center landing was dismissed, ridiculted or distorted by leading scientists of the era such as Dr. Donald Menzel, Dr. Jacques Vallee, and Dr. Carl Sagan.  Most UFO researchers have ever since dismissed Adamski as a hoaxer, despite the compelling evidence suggesting otherwise. Indeed, Adamskis photos of flying saucers and cigar shaped ships dating from 1950 have never been shown to be forgeries.  Adamski believed that the being who emerged from the landed scout craft in 1952 was from Venus. Zirger discusses the feasibility of Adamskis belief given scientific data that subsequently emerged showing the surface of Venus as uninhabitable due to the high temperatures (462C; 863 F) and crushing atmospheric pressure (92 times that of Earth).  Zirger discusses a number of possibilities for how extraterrestrials may inhabit Venus. He suggests that NASA may be lying about the horrific conditions on the surface of Venus. Another possibility is that extraterrestrials merely have a base there and came from elsewhere in the galaxy.  Yet, another possibility is that extraterrestrials live in the subterranean regions of Venus as made feasible by recent scientific research. He cites Sean McMahon, who led a scientific team from the University of Aberdeen, that claimed life could evolve inside a planets interior, well away from an inhospitable surface:  The surfaces of rocky planets and moons that we know of are nothing like Earth. Theyre typically cold and barren with no atmosphere or a very thin or even corrosive atmosphere. Going below the surface protects you from a whole host of unpleasant conditions on the surface. So the subsurface habitable zone may turn out to be very important. Earth might even be unusual in having life on the surface.    Zirger appears to favor the New Age explanation that a highly evolved civilization, which ascended to another dimensional plane, exists today under the surface of Venus. He suggests that on the surface of Venus, today, there may be only rare vestiges of the ancient civilization that once thrived on the surface.  Zirger cites a range of esoteric texts and sources supporting the idea that an advanced civilization exists on Venus, but is hidden from modern telescopes and planetary probes sent by different national space agencies. For example, he refers to the 1899 book, A Dweller of Two planets:  No telescope will ever reveal life on Venus: not that it is not there, but its forms are of the One Substance effected by a range of force rendering them imperceptible to earthly eyes.  There have been a number of contactees who claim to have met Venusians from the interior of the planet, well away from telescopes and space probes. These include Frank Stranges, author of the book, Stranger at the Pentagon.    More recently, secret space program insider, Corey Goode, claims he was taken to Venus where he saw some of the ancient structures he calls builder race technologies on the planets surface.  [W]e headed towards Venus at a super high rate of speed, punching through the thick clouds. I barely could perceive yellowish color, we went through them so fast. And then we stopped about 1,000 feet [305 meters] above the ground, and I was looking around, and I saw this terrain that looked like it had been eroded by lots of wind and rain, sort of like you would see in Earth. They looked like they used to be mountains going up that had eroded away, and they looked almost like people. It looked almost carved by an intelligent hand.So I was noticing that, when all of a sudden the ceiling and the floor went transparent  And I looked down, and I could see the big, giant, H-shaped building sitting inside this crater.    Goode says he encountered an ancient being there called the Sentinel who watched over the ancient builder technology that was protected by an energy shield of some kind. His account has parallels to the alleged visit to Venus by Bolivian contactee Luis Mostajo Fernando who says the entered into a fertile area of Venus protected by an energy shield.    Goode, Fernando and other accounts of visits to Venus does support an ancient civilization once inhabited its surface, and that subterranean areas exist that support current life there.  Zirgers discussion of the explanations for Orthons claim to be from Venus despite its inhospitable surface conditions is wide ranging and informative.  Yet it is in another possibility that Zirger raises that may offer a more accurate way of viewing Adamskis 1952 encounter. Zirger questions whether Adamski was fed disinformation by Orthon about Venus being his true origin:  Was Adamski manipulated by a pseudo-Venusian? Was this Venusian origin part of a smokescreen or of some sort of extraterrestrial communication plan to awaken our consciousness to the idea of extraterrestrial life?  The underlying motto of this communicating strategy would then be something like: Lets tell lies, lets tell lies, there will still be something left over, Adamski being considered not much more than an interface to a disinformation or deception game. (Kindle Edition, 1032 of 5403)  Zirger believes that the possible disinformation was designed to protect the true origins of Orthon and his spacecraft being learned. Zirger expressed puzzlement over why extraterrestrials from another solar system would want to pretend to be from an uninhabitable world from our own solar system:  Why such a masquerade when they could have simply said they were from the planet T of the solar system Y? (Kindle Edition, 1042 of 5403)  Zirger overlooks an earth-centric explanation for the disinformation that may have been fed to Adamski. This is raised by one of the contact cases mentioned by Zirger in We Are Here. He cites the 1957 case of Reinhold Schmidt:  I would like to quote briefly a last case, that of Reinhold O. Schmidt, 60 at the time, a Bakersfield (Calif.) grain buyer. On November 5, 1957, he claimed to have spoken for about 30 minutes to the crew of a large silver cigar-shaped UFO that had allegedly landed near Kearney on the Nebraska prairie to make repairs. In an available one-hour-and-a-half tape-recorded interview Schmidt stated the crew was composed of four men and two ladies. They all spoke to him in American language with a German accent, but at times he seemed to him that he could hear them talking among themselves in high German language, very good high German. (Kindle Edition, 526-531).  The Schmidt case raises the question, was Orthon part of a German Secret Space Program and was only pretending to be a Venusian?  Click here for Part 2   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 6,396 times, 1 visits today)  Tags: George Adamski, Michel Zirger, Venus, Venusians) = 0
(by Nick Redfern March 10, 2018 (mysteriousuniverse.org)   Leonard Stringfield (1920-1994), a former military intelligence operative turned ufologist, was told by a French professor at Wright-Patterson AFB about the pummeled bodies of at least two very human-like extraterrestrials after being recovered from a UFO crash being held at the base.   Stringfield said that the beings were 7 feet 3 inches tall and bore hideous mutilations on their bodies as if from a terrible accident. Their heads were intact. The forehead was high and broad. They had very long blond hair. Their eyes were stretched towards the temples which gave them an Asiatic look. The nose and mouth were small. The lips were thin, perfectly delineated. The chin was small, slightly pointed, and beardless. They looked like twins.   There are quite literally dozens of such tales of extraterrestrial beings held by the U.S. military, with the majority of them being kept at Wright-Patterson in Dayton, Ohio. Typically, the extraterrestrial corpses are said to be preserved and stored deep below the surface of the base.  As most people here will know, Im not much of a believer in the theory that aliens crashed outside of Roswell, New Mexico in the summer of 1947. You only have to look at what else was going on in New Mexico in that same period  classified programs using transplanted Nazi scientists, rocket tests, high-altitude experiments using massive balloons, and much more. One of the most controversial aspects of the Roswell affair is that which suggests small, alien bodies were found on the Foster Ranch and secretly flown to Wright Field (now Wright-Patterson Air Force Base) in Dayton, Ohio.  Tales of dead aliens in the freezer absolutely abound. And, while such cases and claims are certainly not exclusive to Wright-Patterson, there is no doubt that the vast majority of them are tied to the base, one way or another. Typically, the extraterrestrial corpses said to be preserved and stored deep below the surface of the base are of the dwarfish, large-headed type. There are quite literally dozens of such tales. On occasion, though, there will be a significantly different kind of case. There is one report which suggests that bodies of the very human-looking Space Brothers of Contactee lore are held below Wright-Pat.  For those who may not know, the Space Brothers dropped in to see us, and have a cup of tea (maybe), in the early 1950s. They were the good old days, so Im told, when the ETs referred to us as earthlings. They were eerily like us. They sported long blond hair and were scared to death that we might destroy the Earth with our atomic arsenals. They spoke English and claimed to have come from such inhospitable worlds as Mars and Venus. Their names very often including the letters Z, X, Q, and V and they appeared before the likes of George Adamski, George Van Tassel, George King, and George Hunt Williamson. Evidently, the Space Brothers felt that anyone named George was of good character. Or, maybe it was just a big coincidence.  All of which brings me to one particular story of a couple of Space Brothers who got into a fatal situation while cruising around our skies at some unknown time and place. Maybe their hair got entangled in the steering-wheel, and they lost control. Whatever the answer, Im certainly not in a position to criticize anyones hairstyle! All of which brings us to the matter of long-haired aliens at Wright-Pat.  The late Leonard Stringfield, a former military intelligence operative, was without doubt the worlds leading collector of stories, accounts and tales on the subjects of UFO crash-retrievals. In 1981, he learned from a certain French professor that at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio the pummeled bodies of at least two very human-like extraterrestrials were said to be held, following their alleged recovery from a presumed UFO crash or accident.  READ ENTIRE ARTICLE  FAIR USE NOTICE: This page contains copyrighted material the use of which has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. ExoNews.org distributes this material for the purpose of news reporting, educational research, comment and criticism, constituting Fair Use under 17 U.S.C  107. Please contact the Editor at ExoNews with any copyright issue.) = 0
(Covert Disclosure of Antigravity Craft near MacDill AFB  On October 19, I was sent a series of nine photos showing two UFOs in the vicinity of MacDill Air Force Base, home of Special Operations Command. The UFOs were respectively rectangle and triangle shaped, appeared to use antigravity technology, and were interacting with one another.  The photos were taken by JP, a pseudonym for a source I have known for nine years who claims to be both an extraterrestrial contactee and to have been taken in military abductions. He also claims to have interacted extensively with personnel from Special Operations Command, who have informally briefed him on some covert operations involving TR-3B and North Korea.  I have extensively communicated and questioned JP, and consider him to be sincere and reliable. He has previously supplied photos of triangle-shaped antigravity craft that he claims to have been taken on during previous military abductions.  In the most recent UFO incident, JP says he received a phone call instructing him on when the UFOs would appear. This is what he wrote in a skype message to me:  11 a.m. I got a call to look at the skies .. like around 11:02 I see this rectangle platform black ship.. it came out from the clouds 6 seconds after seeing the ship..TR-3B shows up, you can see the characteristics of it the circle in the middle still glowing a little bit, in a blink of an eye it was their interacting with the black triangle platform ship similar to when it was interacting with the helicopter.. this was quite fast 2 minutes after the call lasting a minute and 20 sec.  He added in a later skype message:  The call was really fast like 10 seconds the guy said (Im calling to inform you to look at the skies clock view (10:30) inbetween East and North have a nice day. Click..  JP next says that he has never before encountered the rectangle shaped UFOs, which appeared to come from the Gulf of Mexico:  I never seen those platform looking UFOs  Rectangle  It was quite interesting  I was hearing something weird this time  like I high pitch sound my ears were kind of like ringing after the event..  8 miles from MacDill this time  MacDill was in the Direction behind me  The platform ship looks like it came from the Gulf of Mexico  And Im thinking the tr3b came from MacDill  They met up.  I have prepared a video featuring the nine photos he took, along with close ups of the three best pictures that show the UFO craft.  Here is how JP described the sequence of photos, and the interaction between them:  I saw the platform ship and out of nowhere the tr3b showed up in a blink of an eye.. then started interacting with the platform ship  I dont know the exact size but all I can tell you it was the same height where the clouds were  Me knowing that there is three levels of clouds Im thinking this is the lower cloud.. 6500 feet  Those are regular cumulus clouds  Theyre at least 6,500 ft from sea level.  Below is a closeups of the first photo in the sequence showing just the rectangle platform shaped UFO taken by JP, after being directed to look up into the sky.  Next is a close up of the third photo in the sequence showing the rectangle and triangle shaped UFOs appearing to interact in some way, where high pitched sounds are heard by JP.  Conclusion  Based on JPs account of how the photos were taken and their estimated elevation, size, sounds and maneuvers, they do not appear to be balloons, drone aircraft or aircraft using conventional propulsion systems. The fact that JP received a phone call, is very telling. It clearly suggests that the UFO sighting was deliberately staged for him, using classified technologies.  This leads to the conclusion that JP was encouraged to take the photos in what is a covert disclosure of antigravity craft operating in the vicinity of MacDill AFB. Given JPs previous accounts of his interactions with special forces operatives out of MacDill, it would be reasonable to conclude that the covert disclosure has been sanctioned by Special Operations Command.  This is not the first time that JP has been given advance notice by covert operatives of a UFO sighting in the vicinity of MacDill. Previously, he has been warned to only take photos and not video. However, he has been told in the future he will be allowed to take and release videos of the antigravity craft he is photographing to accelerate the disclosure process.     Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 8,822 times, 3 visits today)  [Update: A GoFundMe campaign has been started on behalf of JP so he has a higher resolution camera for the UFOs pics he is taking. Your support for this Gofundme campaign will help move forward the UFO/SSP disclosure process. More info here .]  Tags: antigravity craft, Flying Triangles, MacDill AFB, Rectangle UFOs, TR-3B) = 0
(Shadow Person Photo taken after Portal Trip to Earths Past  [11/24/2017  update below] On November 18, JP, a source who has been supplying me with photos of classified antigravity craft in the vicinity of MacDill Air Force Base, Florida, contacted me with an incredible story about being led to and stepping through an invisible portal into the Earths past. Then he really caught my attention by producing one piece of noteworthy evidence to support his exceptional encounter.  After exiting the portal, JP says that he took a photo of a strange shadow like person who immediately began following him, which is reproduced below. It clearly shows an entity of some kind. While the photo of the shadow person does not prove JPs portal travel experience, it is powerful corroborating evidence.  Heres the full story of JP wrote happened to him when he was walking his dog in the Tampa area of Florida on Saturday.  A person dressed in white came up to me while I was walking my dog. He told me to follow him Into a tree. I cant believe [it], they use trees as portals. The bark of the tree turned into a watery substance. Once I went through my camera did not work.  JP included a couple of attempted photos of the portal, but they were completely washed out, and revealed nothing, as the following photo shows. When inside the portal, his camera/phone simply didnt work at all.    JP continued his incredible story.  He took me to a place with beautiful vegetation. Beautiful place a lot of kids playing, talking a different language. A lot of huge trees, massive, massive trees. Eiffel tower size. I literally felt like an ant. The guy told me this was on Earth couple millions of years ago  He showed me a central tower that changes colors. Beautiful pink and yellow flying birds. My dog also went with me, [he] was totally confused.  But like he understood everything we were saying. Everything communicates as one.  JP gave more details about the telepathic communication network and the technology in use by the beings:  Kids playing on a white sand substance. There was a vehicle that I saw it looked like a car but did not have wheels. A couple flying ships, traditional UFO. I can hear everybody talking like my mind was connected to everybodys mind. Hard to concentrate when a lot of voices in your head. I guess there is a technique to concentrate on one person.  JP went on to next refer to the man in white who had led him through the tree portal. This person shared some information with JP once inside:  He told me that Ive been there, many times. That I used to work there. I ask him doing what?  He told me that they hired a outside military agency to help them with the structural part of where they all live That they connected a lot with me while I was there working That I was the only one in the group that was there working that has visited different timelines  But me personally I dont remember. I probably got wiped.  What JP was told here was that he had been coopted into a covert military program, but he had no memory of having visited that particular location before. When I asked JP about the military component behind visits to these kinds of temporal/dimensional locations through different portals, he answered:  They hire different agencies to help them. There is thousands of these places around Earth, that the military helps construct an exchange of passage only, and culture knowledge and history. Never technology Of course, while working there they see the technology and use their technology.  This is consistent with the information that JP has been sharing with me since 2008 when he first discussed his contact experiences in Brazil with a human looking extraterrestrial race. He was subsequently asked to participate in a number of covert technology development programs near MacDill Air Force base that used the information given to him by the extraterrestrials.  When JP declined further participation in the technology development projects, it appears he was then used as an asset in a covert military exchange program with extraterrestrial groups, and different temporal/dimensional beings.  Many of the experiences he subsequently had involved him being coopted into some kind of military exchange program with extraterrestrial races, and with beings in different temporal/dimensional locations. He said:  That explains why a lot of people are [memory] wiped. Because the military is sending these people to work for these underground civilization for construction for exchange of the history and knowledge of their culture, and also protection by these military personnel.  As to who these beings inside the portals might need protection from, this is where JPs return gives some insight:  Once I came back a shadow figure was following me.  When I asked JP how he was able to take a photo, he answered that he did it by quickly taking a selfie with his camera/phone:  I sense somebody following me but every time I look back I did not see nothing. So when I felt that sensation, I took my phone, my phone had flash all ready  I did it really fast, and he was there. When I turned around he disappeared.  JP also commented about the shadow persons features in the photo:  Its weird because the Flash did not get him, only got his eyes. So he was like  a shadow.  The photo shows a building behind JP and the shadow person between him and the building. Even though JPs cameras flash went off, the shadow person did not reflect any light, except from the eyes. The following video shows a zoom of the photo taken by JP.    Below is the original photo taken by JP with his face blurred and a close up of the shadow person.    The role of shadow people has been investigated by researchers such as Heidi Hollis who wrote a book about them, titled The Secret War: A True Story About A Real Alien War and Shadow People, where she describes them as having a dark agenda aligned with a negative extraterrestrial group.  Similarly, a recent secret space program witness, Michael Gerloff, spoke about shadow people who tried to frighten him during his youth.  The photo of the shadow person is powerful corroboration for the incredible portal experience JP claims to have had. It complements a series of other photos he has taken showing triangle, rectangle and cigar shaped antigravity craft flying in the vicinity of MacDill Air Force base. JP claims to have been taken into these craft to special locations where he has been monitored in his interactions with technology, people and the environment.  The shadow person photo joins a growing body of evidence supporting JPs claims that he continues to be used as an asset in a number of covert programs, including a possible cultural exchange program via portal technology with a human society that reportedly lived two million years ago.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  [Update 11/24/17  Mystery of Shadow Person Solved  JP sent me an enhanced version of the photo taken of the shadow person. It was created using the enhance feature in Photoshop Express by one of JPs friends. I tried enhancing the original photo myself and got a similar result. It shows someone in a military uniform with a sidearm.  JP says that when he turned to face the person, he was not there suggesting some kind of cloaking technology was used. He said he did not take any further photos since he was scared and took off.  JP further added that the uniform is similar to those worn by military personnel he encountered when he was taken up into the rectangle craft operated by US Air Force Special Operations.  This suggests that the person monitoring JP after he emerged from the alleged tree portal was not a shadow person, but a military serviceman using cloaking technology. This reminds me of Arthur C. Clarks dictum: Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.  The identification of a military serviceman nevertheless corroborates JPs claims of being under close surveillance generally, and while having his portal encounter in particular.  Many Thanks to JP and his friend for resolving the mystery behind the Shadow Person.]  Further Reading  (Visited 10,805 times, 1 visits today)  Tags: portal travel, shadow people, Shadowman) = 0
(QAnon Corroborates Hawaii Missile Attack & Hunt for Rogue CIA Submarine  On February 11, the anonymous whistleblower QAnon posted information that corroborates claims that a false flag ballistic missile attack was launched against Hawaii on January 13, and that a submarine linked to the CIA is currently being hunted by the U.S. and other regional military forces.  QAnon has quickly grown in popularity since first appearing in late October, 2017 discussing the coming storm of revelations, document dumps, trials, events, etc., linked to Trump White House pledges to Drain the Swamp.  Today QAnon has an estimated audience of millions who closely follow his/her posts. Major media sources such as Newsweek have published highly critical stories attempt to dismiss QAnon as just the latest incarnation of unsubstantiated right wing conspiracy theories.  QAnons cryptic style of communication involves questions, links, photos, acronyms and codes, which are used as breadcrumbs for the reader to learn about highly classified efforts underway by White Hats in the government/military opposed to Deep State corruption and human rights abuses in the U.S. and around the world.  The most telling official document that substantiates QAnons claims to date is an extraordinary Executive Order passed by President Trump on December 21, 2017 declaring a national emergency and freezing the financial assets of anyone involved in human rights abuses and corruption anywhere around the world.  The mainstream media has strangely ignored Trumps Executive Order Blocking the Property of Persons Involved in Serious Human Abuse or Corruption, and its deep significance, especially given what QAnon has previously stated. If Trumps Executive Order was indeed targeting the Deep State, its not surprising that it would provoke a strong reaction by powerful groups suddenly cut off from their financial assets.  Thats where the ballistic missile alert on the morning of January 13 in Hawaii becomes relevant. As discussed in three previous articles (see here, here and here), there have been a number of whistleblowers, witnesses and analysts who have all said the missile alert was genuine, and not a false alarm at all, as public officials contend.  QAnon followed the Hawaii missile alert the next day warning about an upcoming week of false flag attacks by the Deep State. This implied that the Hawaii incident was part of a series of false flag attacks, and not a false alarm.  Since January 14, however, QAnon has not said much to cast light on the Hawaii ballistic missile alert. That is until February 11 when QAnon provided a long post referring to a recent false flag missile attack intended to start a war. The relevant post appears below and the section of comments relevant to the Hawaii missile alert is highlighted in red.  It is worth examining QAnons questions in light of what has been previously learned about the Hawaii missile alert and Trumps December 21 Executive Order. QAnon wrote:  Ask yourself, who is trying to start a war?  The most obvious answer is those targeted by Trumps Executive Order. Individuals and groups responsible for human rights abuses and corruption in the U.S. and globally, have the most to lose if their financial assets are frozen.  QAnon then wrote:  Ask yourself, if a missile was launched by rogue actors, what would be the purpose?  The purpose would be to create a false flag attack where blame would be pinned on a credible state actor capable of launching a ballistic missile that could hit Hawaii: North Korea. The rogue actors really responsible for the attack, would thereby have created a scenario where the U.S. military would have been forced to respond.  QAnon next pointedly asks:  Ask yourself, what would/should immediately start a WAR?  We know from World War II history that the December 7, 1941, surprise attack on Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, home of the U.S. Pacific Fleet, was the catalyst for America entering the war. The next day, the U.S. Congress overwhelmingly voted to declare war on the Empire of Japan.  QAnon is here telling us that a successful nuclear missile attack on Pearl Harbor would have triggered a similar War Declaration by the U.S. Congress against the alleged perpetrator. North Korea.  Were the rogue actors behind the attack, also hoping that an unsuccessful nuclear missile attack, in the event the missile was shot down, would also trigger war?  This possibility arises from what an anonymous Hickham Air Force Base fusion analyst says he overheard after the missile was shot down. In a post to a website protecting the anonymity of posters, s/he said:  Most significant here is what the analyst says he overheard a Federal Investigator and a Hawaii state official say about Trumps refusal to order a retaliation that this Demonstrated weakness in the Trump admin and a refusal to protect the people.  QAnons next question is very important for identifying who was behind the missile Hawaii attack:  Ask yourself would the PUBLIC understand the following statement: Rogue actors (Clowns/US former heads of State) initiated a missile launch in order to force the US into a WAR/conflict against X?  QAnon has previously referred to the CIA as Clowns in Action, and has described former Presidents Bush (Snr), Clinton and Obama as Deep State/CIA assets. In short, Clowns is QAnons codeword for the CIA.  In a previous article, I provided documentary evidence supporting insider claims that the CIAs clandestine services division created a shadowy Navy with its own aircraft, ballistic missile carrying submarines, and even an aircraft carrier battle group that all together comprises a Dark Fleet.  This is where QAnons cryptic references in other February 11 posts to Red October become pertinent.  In response to a question seeking clarification on what he means by Red October, QAnon wrote:  QAnon is quite clear that s/he is referring to the famed 1990 movie, The Hunt for Red October. The plot of the movie described how the major powers were all hunting for a rogue Soviet submarine equipped with ballistic nuclear weapons whose captain and officers wished to defect with their new stealth technology.  QAnons repeated references to Red October is telling us that a similar scenario is currently occurring with the U.S. and other major world powers all seeking a rogue CIA submarine equipped with ballistic nuclear missiles and advanced stealth technology. Rather than the captain and crew wishing to defect however, the CIA submarine may be seeking a new opportunity to launch a false flag attack designed to precipitate a major regional war.  While QAnon remains controversial in the major media, multiple sources have claimed s/he is the real deal and deserves serious consideration. Many alternative media sites closely follow QAnons information including Dr. Jerome Corsi who has become the resident Infowars.com expert on QAnon.    QAnons references to a recent missile attack by rogue actors wishing to start a major war needs to be considered with what we know about the January 13 Hawaii missile alert.  QAnon is telling us that it was not a false alarm, and that it was a genuine attempt to start a major war by pinning the blame for a contrived nuclear attack, successful or not, on North Korea. The CIA linked submarine involved is apparently still at large, and capable of attempting further false flag attacks using ballistic nuclear missiles.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 13,400 times, 3 visits today)  Tags: ballistic missile, Hawaii Missile Alert, QAnon, Red October) = 0
(A Life of Public Service & Disclosure of Secret Space Programs  In this final episode of this five part interview series Michael Gerloff explains how his military and police career was inspired by his commitment to public service, and how this commitment has evolved to now revealing the truth about secret space programs. He emphasizes that during his covert service, he was officially sanctioned to come forward at this time with his disclosure testimony by a USMC Intelligence Group running the Space Marines .  Gerloff explains why its important for former military and police personnel to come forward to also reveal their knowledge of these programs, and why he is convinced that he continues to serve the public while pursuing full disclosure.  Click below to view video  For Part 1 article with cited documents click here or to view video, click below  For Part 2 article with cited documents click here or to view video, click below  For Part 3 article with cited documents click here or to view video, click below  For Part 4 article with cited documents click here or to view video, click below  Below are documents cited/viewed in part 5 of this video interview series  This article has no copyright restriction for free internet circulation.  (Visited 6,908 times, 3 visits today)  Tags: Army Rangers, Michael Gerloff, Seattle Police, Space Marines, SWAT) = 0
(by Harry Pettit March 12, 2018 (dailymail.co.uk)   In cave in the Nazca region of Peru, a guy named Mario discovered twenty mummies. There were 20 chalky-covered, three-fingered, big-headed, small-bodied beings in the cave. He turned them over to Mexican journalist and ufologist, Jamie Maussan, in early 2017 when Gaia TV also got involved by bringing in Russian expert Dr. Konstantin Korotkov, a professor of Computer Science and Biophysics at Saint-Petersburg Federal University. (See previous ExoNews article)   Although the mummies have been dismissed as a hoax by the mainstream scientific community, Dr Korotkov claims that DNA tests of tissue samples taken from the mummy Maria as well as a second mummy Vavita (possibly Marias nine month old child) prove the Nazca mummies are not human, but in fact are aliens. Dr Korotkovs team says that the mummified bodies date back to about the 5th century AD and could be extraterrestrials or cyborgs.   Dr Korotkov says, Tomographic scans reveal their skeletons. The tissue has biological nature and their chemical composition indicates that they are humans. Their DNA features 23 pairs of chromosomes, just like we have. They appear human but they are not. Their anatomic structure is different. Korotkov added that the beings rib structure is different to that of humans as the bones are keel-shaped in the upper part, and the rib cage consists of semicircular ribs.   Korotkov team member Natalia Zaloznaya added, We clearly see the contours of the trachea and the bronchi, of the heart and its chambers; we can even see the shape of the valves; we can also see quite clearly the contours of the diaphragm, the liver, and the spleen. The new tests also show that the white powder that covered the beings when found is an antibacterial chemical cadmium chloride.   Supporters of the hoax theory point to the critisizm Dr Korotkov received when he claimed to have created a camera that could photograph the human soul in 2008. In 2015, Jamie Maussan promoted photographic slides claiming to be pictures of an alien recovered from the Roswell flying saucer crash which turned out to be pictures of a mummy in a museum exhibition. And some believe that GaiaTV might be prolonging the work on the Nazca mummies to draw more subscribers to their pay internet channel.   See 6:17 minute video below  They have largely been dismissed as a hoax by the scientific community.  And yet, it seems, conspiracy theorists are still fascinated by the three fingered mummies with elongated heads that were found in Peru last year.  Now, one Russian expert claims he has done DNA tests to prove they are not human.  Dr Konstantin Korotkov, a professor of Computer Science and Biophysics at Saint-Petersburg Federal University believes the mummies are aliens.  Dr Korotkov is no stranger to controversy. He was widely criticised in 2008 when he claimed to have created a camera that could photograph the human soul.  One of the mummies, known as Maria, was found by a team led by controversial Mexican journalist Jamie Maussan in early 2017.  The conspiracy group drew attention to the bodys deformed head and elongated fingers in a short documentary on the discovery.  Dr Korotkov of Saint-Petersburg University said at the time the features were not a deformity and that the find was another creature, another humanoid.  Now Dr Korotkov his team claim to have undertaken genetic tests on tissue samples taken from the mummy, as well as a second individual found nearby named Vavita, Sputnik News reports.  They said the bodies date back to about the 5th century AD and could be extraterrestrials or cyborgs.  But British alien expert Nigel Watson, author of the UFO Investigations Manual, said the finds are most likely a hoax.  He told MailOnline: I think the whole saga of finding these mummies is laughable and they are very probably fakes.  The new evidence does indicate the Maria is human, the only strange thing is that she has an unusual rib structure. This is probably because she is a so-called bone montage made by fakers.  If you think about it how would humanoid aliens with three long fingers survive? They would be incredibly clumsy and it seems doubtful they would be capable of making a cup of tea let alone a flying saucer.  It also doesnt look good that this Earth shattering news was originally fed to us via a website you have to subscribe to, rather than through officially recognised scientific channels.  Nick Pope, who used to investigate UFOs and other mysteries for the Ministry of Defence, and is a leading expert on conspiracy theories, told MailOnline he also doubted the validity of the find.  All these stories of mummified aliens  or mummified human/alien hybrids  are either fake news, or misunderstandings of normal human variation, perhaps where something has been lost in translation, he said.  In this case, I suspect a hoax, and the mummy looks more like a plaster model than anything else.  If this was real, wed be seeing peer-reviewed articles in magazines such as Science or Nature.  READ ENTIRE ARTICLE  FAIR USE NOTICE: This page contains copyrighted material the use of which has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. ExoNews.org distributes this material for the purpose of news reporting, educational research, comment and criticism, constituting Fair Use under 17 U.S.C  107. Please contact the Editor at ExoNews with any copyright issue.) = 0
(The Secret Navy behind the Ballistic Missile Attack on Hawaii  As information continues to emerge confirming that there was a ballistic missile attack against Hawaii that was intercepted on January 13, the investigation begins to shift from what happened, to who was responsible. In this article, I analyze various sources describing the attack, and identify the mysterious naval force that was most likely responsible for launching the ballistic missile, which presumably was nuclear armed.  In my January 17 article, I listed three alternative news sites referring to sources that all said that a ballistic missile was launched against Hawaii by a stealth submarine. The alternative news sources were radio host Dr. Dave Janda, Operation Disclosure (RV/Intelligence Alert), and the Public Intelligence Blog. The Operation Disclosure and Public Intelligence blog sites point to an Israeli submarine as responsible, while Dr. Janda said it was a submarine belonging to a rogue Chinese Navy faction.  Further corroboration for the ballistic missile attack explanation comes from former Forbes Magazine writer, Benjamin Fulford, who says that according to his insider sources, there was a submarine based attack:  One sign of this extreme tension came last week when a missile from a cabal submarine was stopped from hitting Hawaii and the submarine was sunk, Pentagon sources say. Media outlets around the world have reported that Hawaiian residents all received the following warning on their mobile phones: BALLISTIC MISSILE THREAT INBOUND TO HAWAII, SEEK IMMEDIATE SHELTER, THIS IS NOT A DRILL, but later this was reported to be a false alarm. It was notit was an attempt by the cabal to blame the attack on North Korea and use it as a trigger for their long-desired World War III, CIA sources say.  Both Fulford and the Public Intelligence claim that the ballistic missile was intended to simulate a North Korean attack suggesting the responsible submarine was in the vicinity of North Korea, either in the Sea of Japan or off the Japanese coastline.  In determining the type of missile attack against Hawaii, yet another source refers to a Hawaii tourist boat about 100 miles out at sea that saw what appeared to be a meteorite exploding in the air shortly before the Hawaii Emergency alert went out Saturday morning, January 13. The additional source appeared as an update to the original Public Intelligence blogsite article about the Hawaii missile attack:  Word here in Hawaii is that a group of tourists and tour guides were on a boat 100 miles off shore Saturday morning around 8 AM when they witnessed what they thought to be a meteor blowing up over the ocean. It was reported on Hawaiian channel 2 but then removed from their website. Rumor is the launch came from an Israel Dolphin 2 submarine. Some college basketball games had a red alert across the screen from US Pacific Command declaring a missile launch in the Pacific near Hawaii.    This additional Hawaii source is vital in understanding what happened since it reveals that the missile was coming down from the upper atmosphere following a ballistic trajectory similar to a meteor. This helps confirm that a ballistic missile was involved rather than another type of nuclear delivery system such as a cruise missile which fly much closer to ground and have a far more limited range.  Of the sources cited so far, aside from Dr. Janda, all believe a faction of the Israeli Navy was behind the attack using a dolphin class submarine supplied by Germany. The USS Liberty attack during the 1967 Arab Israeli war is often cited as an example of Israel launching a false flag attack against the U.S. to embroil it in wars against Israels regional enemies.  In a private email received on January 19, former CIA covert operative and Marine Intelligence Officer, Robert David Steele, says that the attack was a Zionist submarine doing a USS Liberty on Hawaii.  In considering the possibility of a rogue Israeli submarine being responsible, its important to review the armaments possessed by the class of submarines belonging to the Israeli Navy. In a news story describing Israels possession of Dolphin class submarines purchased from Germany, its armaments are described as follows:  The Dolphin boats are equipped with six 533mm standard torpedo tubes and four 650mm jumbo tubes and can carry 16 weapons. The smaller tubes can fire torpedoes and Harpoon anti-ship missiles as well as other conventional weaponry, but its larger tubes are what makes the Dolphin class so special. From them, frogmen, remotely operated vehicles and especially large cruise missiles capable of carrying nuclear payloads can be deployed.    Israels Dolphin Class submarines can carry cruise missiles which are well suited for Middle East operations, rather than ballistic missiles which are better suited for long distance targets thousands of miles away. Ballistic missiles require much larger boomer submarines to launch them, rather than the smaller Dolphin class submarines possessed by Israel.  The Dolphin 2 submarine is 69 meters (225 feet) in length, which is less than half the size of the Ohio class boomer submarines (170 meters/560 feet long) used by the US Navy to carry Trident ballistic nuclear missiles. Sea Launched Ballistic Missiles need vertical missile tubes as opposed to the more traditional horizontal torpedo tubes used for Sea Launched Cruise Missiles located at the front of the smaller Dolphin class submarine.    Consequently, its unlikely that a renegade faction of the Israeli Navy launched the ballistic missile attack since their Dolphin class submarines simply dont have the capacity.  Furthermore, its hard to imagine how a U.S. war against North Korea and/or China would advance Israels national security interests, which are far more concerned about threats posed by major regional rivals such as Iran.  Dr. Janda describes a rogue faction of the Chinese Navy being responsible, and that after the missile had been intercepted and destroyed by the US. Missile defense system, the regular Chinese Navy destroyed the submarine.  This explanation is perhaps the scariest to consider since the US national security apparatus would almost certainly hold China responsible for such an attack despite any genuine factional divisions within the Chinese Navy.  The immediate U.S. response would have been, at the very least, a direct retaliatory nuclear attack against Chinas main regional ally North Korea, which would have been scapegoated for a Hawaii attack. After destroying North Koreas military infrastructure, the country would have then been subsequently overrun and occupied by the U.S. Military and its South Korean ally in an analogous way to Afghanistan after the 9/11 attack.  Chinas strategic interests would have been severely setback in such a scenario. Its hard to imagine any Chinese military commander, rogue Navy faction or not, would risk a nuclear retaliatory strike by the U.S. that would set back Chinas steady emergence into a global superpower over the next decade or so. Patience is a characteristic that Chinas political leaders possess in abundance.  Consequently, I find it unlikely that a rogue faction of the Chinese Navy was behind the ballistic missile attack.  So who then launched the attack against Hawaii?  For an answer we need to consider legendary Hawaii Senator Daniel Inouye who in 1987 described the existence of a shadowy government within the U.S. with its own separate military assets.  There exists a shadowy Government with its own Air Force, its own Navy, its own fundraising mechanism, and the ability to pursue its own ideas of the national interest, free from all checks and balances, and free from the law itself.    Inouye was clearly convinced of a very highly classified U.S. agency that had the independent funding and wherewithal to develop its own Air Force and Navy outside the regular chain of military command.  In contrast to the assets of the regular U.S. Air Force and Navy, this covert fleet of ships and aircraft would be dark, in terms of its security classification. It would therefore be appropriate to call it the Dark Fleet which is what secret space program insider Corey Goode says it is called by the U.S. military according to his confidential sources [Skype Communication Jan 18). He says that it is separate to another Dark Fleet which is a Secret Space Program that operates in Deep Space.  I need to point out that in 2017, I personally met some of Goodes confidential Earth Alliance sources. They provided many documents to prove they are deeply connected to NATO security operations and the European intelligence community. They have continued to provide Goode intelligence information since they consider him to be a genuine extraterrestrial contactee, and asset of a Secret Space Program Alliance known to exist by NATO officials.  What U.S. Government agency would have the ability to raise its own Dark Fleet outside the regular chain of military command and Presidential executive authority? The only U.S. agency capable of doing so is the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). More specifically, we are talking about the CIAs Directorate of Operations (formally Clandestine Service) which runs all its global covert operations, where a Dark Fleet would have been developed to meet operational requirements.  The 1949 CIA Act comprised additions to those sections of the 1947 National Security Act that dealt with the creation of CIA. The 1949 CIA Act gave a Congressional stamp of approval to the creation of a black budget it could spend without recourse to U.S. law as the following section make clear:   any other Government agency is authorized to transfer to or receive from the Agency such sums without regard to any provisions of law limiting or prohibiting transfers between appropriations [emphasis added]. Sums transferred to the Agency in accordance with this paragraph may be expended for the purposes and under the authority of sections 403a to 403s of this title without regard to limitations of appropriations from which transferred. [50 U.S.C. 403f(a)]  Essentially, this gave the CIA the power to generate large amounts of money through covert means and launder it however it wished through the Pentagon and the U.S. bureaucracy. The funding was used for an unofficial black budget that by 2001 was estimated to be as high as $1.7 trillion annually.  In addition to having the financial means, the CIA has long been developing its own covert Air Force. This began in the mid-1950s when the CIA established Area 51, as the location to develop future fleets of spy planes with the aid of companies such as Lockheed, which today is the worlds largest defense contractor.    In the 1960s the CIA began training personnel to develop skills necessary to operate its spy planes on U.S. aircraft carriers. CIA documents confirm that the U.S. Navy was training the CIA on how to operate spy planes on their carriers:  The above document went on to discuss how Kelly Johnson, Director of Lockheeds Skunkworks, helped the CIA launch its U-2 spy plane from the USS Kitty Hawk    Another CIA document shows the Navys reluctance to allow the CIA to use its aircraft carriers to carry spy planes in trouble spots like the Mediterranean, thereby creating the operational necessity for the CIA to eventually acquire its own aircraft carrier to carry fleets of spy planes around the world.    These official CIA documents support the conclusion that by the 1970s the CIAs Directorate of Operations had its own squadrons of spy planes, and would have acquired its own aircraft carrier out of operational necessity that it could operate anywhere around the world without any kind of government oversight.  As far as the CIA having its own submarines, a Washington Times article from January 3, 1985 shows that two ballistic missile submarines, USS John Marshall and Sam Houston were handed over to a 2000 man Special Operations Force.    It can be guaranteed that the CIAs Directorate of Operations would have similarly justified the acquisition of ballistic missile capable submarines for its own covert operations around the world.  With the CIAs role in generating multiple black budgets, it could easily have diverted some of these funds to defense contractors for building ballistic missile capable submarines for exclusive use in clandestine operations. Its worth noting that Lockheed Martin builds the Trident II ballistic missiles for the Ohio class submarines currently possessed for by U.S. Navy.  As noted earlier, the CIA and Lockheed have developed a long and close relationship since their joint efforts to develop Area 51 for spy planes and other advanced technologies in the 1950s. Therefore it is very possible that the CIAs Dark Fleet possesses Trident II ballistic nuclear missiles developed by Lockheed Martin.  Consequently, Inouyes claims of a shadowy government possessing its own Air Force and Navy is very feasible given what we know about the CIAs history, and official documents showing its military assets, training and close relationship with defense contractors such as Lockheed Martin.  The CIA had the independent funding to create squadrons of spy planes that could operate from an aircraft carrier with the necessary support craft that altogether constituted a CIA controlled aircraft carrier battle group that included nuclear submarines.  So was the CIAs Dark Fleet behind the ballistic missile attack on Hawaii? I put this question to Corey Goode and he responded:  Yes, They DO have an Air Craft Carrier and destroyers and support vessels, a whole fleet.This stuff has been a part of recent briefings in the form of informed speculation as to what occurred in Hawaii/Japan. All are pretty convinced that rogue CIA sub fired missiles and MIC SSP [USAF/NRO/DIA Secret Space Program] took the missiles out. We are all waiting for specifics and confirmation but these are read in General/Colonel types doing the speculating.[Skype Communication 1/19/18)  The CIAs Directorate of Operations has long been the primary asset of what Inouye called the Shadow Government, but today is referred to as the Deep State. Due to President Trumps December 21, 2017, Executive Order freezing the financial assets of all involved in human rights abuses and corruption, Trump was not only declaring war against U.S. global elites involved, but also against the funding sources for the CIAs covert operations.  The CIAs black budget is made possible by human rights abuses and corruption around the planet that provides almost unlimited funds for its covert operations, including its Dark Fleet. Consequently, the CIAs Dark Fleet had the means, motive and opportunity to attack Hawaii with a ballistic nuclear missile that would embroil the Trump administration in a major regional war with North Korea and possibly China.  Significantly, on January 16, Japans major public broadcaster also warned the public about an incoming ballistic missile attack. Once again, a false alarm was issued shortly after by government authorities.  Its quite possible that the same submarine responsible for the Hawaii attack, launched another missile attack, this time against Japan, presumably Tokyo. It was also brought down, probably by the same defense forces that tracked and destroyed the Hawaii bound missile. Again, the purpose would have been to simulate a North Korean attack thereby triggering a major regional war.  Such a war would distract the Trump administration and U.S. military from going after Deep State assets, and tie down the U.S. in a serious regional confrontation. Thankfully, the U.S. Navy and Air Force, along with the USAF run secret space program, were able to neutralize the attacks on Hawaii and Japan.  The multiple sources and documents cited above lead to a remarkable conclusion. A CIA created secret Navy launched ballistic missile attacks against Hawaii and Japan using a Dark Fleet created in the 1970s to support covert operations around the world.  Consequently, neutralizing the Dark Fleet and reigning in the CIAs Directorate of Operations must become a high priority goal for the Trump Administration and the Pentagon. A major step in doing so is for the truth to be officially released about ballistic missile attacks against Hawaii and Japan.     Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 49,653 times, 21 visits today)  [Note: My thanks to Corey Goode for reading an earlier draft of this article and his helpful suggestions.]  Tags: ballistic missile, Dark Fleet, Hawaii, Japan, US Navy, USAF) = 0
(More flying triangles photographed near Orlando, Florida  The five photos in the video below show a flying triangle craft near Orlando, Florida that could both hover and rapidly fly in any direction. The craft could change its color from white as it emerged from clouds, into darker colors as the photos illustrate, suggesting a stealth feature.  The photos were sent to me by JP, an anonymous source I have known since 2008. He gave the approximate size of the craft as roughly the size of two jumbo jets. The craft is identical to a March 16 sighting by JP in the Orlando area that was again captured by photos.  For an article analyzing his March 16 photos and a comparison to a flying triangle patent believed to be based on an actual TR-3B classified craft, click here.  What follows are the originals of the first and fifth photos used in my video analysis of the March 23 photos for those wishing to conduct further photographic analysis.  Michael E. Salla, Ph.D.  Feel free to share this article with original links. For those planning to incorporate the above video and/or original photos in their own YouTube videos/articles, you have permission to do so provided you link to the original source.  FURTHER READING  (Visited 91 times, 112 visits today)  Tags: Flying Triangles, Orlando, space programs, UFOs) = 0
(Trump call for Space Force a Step towards Disclosure of USAF Secret Space Program  On March 13, President Donald Trump gave a speech where he said the creation of a U.S. space force was a good idea. This gave new life to a recently defeated Congressional bill to create a space force out of the United States Air Force (USAF) despite strong Pentagon opposition. Why has the Pentagon and the USAF been so firmly opposed to the creation of a separate space force?  The conventional explanation is that it would add an unnecessary and expensive layer of bureaucracy at a time when the Pentagon and USAF budgets are stretched thin to meet global military needs. The real reason, however, is one that takes us a big step closer to disclosure of a USAF run secret space program.  Here is what Trump had to say about the creation of a space force in a speech at the U.S. Marines Corps Air Station Miramar, in San Diego:  In space, the United States is going to do Colonel [John] Glenn [the former astronaut] proud. We are finally going to lead again.  Very soon we are going to Mars My new national strategy for space recognizes that space is a war-fighting domain, just like the land, air, and sea. We may even have a Space Force. We have the Air Force. Well have the Space Force. We have the Army, the Navy.  Trump did not appear aware of an attempt by a subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee to create such a force in the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act. The proposal passed in the House of Representative on July 14, 2017, but failed to get the necessary votes in the Senate due to fierce opposition by the Air Force and the Pentagon. Even the White House was opposed saying: the creation of a separate Space Corps, however, is premature at this time.  According to House members proposing the creation of the space force, the USAF has been negligent in its responsibilities for short-changing space programs.  What the House members did not realize is that the USAF already has established a highly capable space force that has been operating secretly for at least two decades.  One might assume that such a space force would be located within the Air Forces Space Command, which is among the USAFs ten major commands. USAF Space Command has as its primary mission the development and operation of military space and cyberspace technologies.  However, while Space Command provides the advanced technologies for space operations, it is from another of the Air Forces ten major commands that personnel for a secret space force is trained and deployed.  According to eyewitness testimonies it is Air Force Special Operations Command (AFSOC) that provides personnel for a USAF run secret space program. Before examining these testimonies, its worth pointing out that AFSOC has been active since May 22, 1990.  It is headed by a three star USAF General (currently Lt. Gen. Marshall B. Webb) and its headquarters is Hurlburt Field, Florida. Currently almost 16,000 airmen are deployed with AFSOC, their nickname is Air Commandos and their motto is Any place. Any time. Anywhere.  In short, Air Force Special Operations provides the trained combat personnel for special operations using advanced aerospace technologies and infrastructure developed by the USAF generally, and Space Command in particular. This is analogous to how the US Navy provides the ships and technologies, which deploy Marines as a specialized combat force anywhere around the world.  The primary mission of Air Force Special Operations Command is to provide Air Force units for U.S. Special Operations Command (USSOCOM), which is one of the Pentagons nine unified combatant commands. These combatant commands are organized into six regions covering the entire planet, and three functional areas of responsibility such as Special Operations and strategic nuclear weapons.  USSOCOM is headed by a Four Star General or Admiral, and integrates special operations forces from all four U.S. military services: US Army, US Navy, USMC and USAF.  It is the only one of the Pentagons unified combatant commands that was legislated into existence by the U.S. Congress. The National Defense Authorization Act of 1987 led to the Pentagon establishing USSOCOM on April 16, 1987.  What all this means is that while USAF Space Command provides the necessary aerospace technology and information for AF Special Operations personnel to pilot space fighters, other military services provide their own special operations forces that augment and serve alongside the Air Forces space commandos.  MacDill Air Force Base, Tampa, Florida. MacDill is the headquarters of U.S. Special Operations Command, and where AF Special Operations personnel have a primary base of operations for joint programs. This takes me to eyewitness testimony that Air Force Special Operations deploys one or more of its secret space squadrons from MacDill Air Force base.  In the months of September and October 2017, an anonymous whistleblower JP I have known since 2008, took photos of both triangle and rectangle shaped antigravity craft flying in the vicinity of MacDill Air Force base. JP says that on several occasions he was prompted by covert personnel to look up into the sky to take the photos, but warned against taking video of the craft he witnessed.  More importantly, JP says that he was physically taken on board both the triangle and rectangle shaped craft which he later photographed. It was on the rectangle shaped craft that he witnessed personnel wearing a military patch which he did not at first recognize.  Later he was able to confirm that the patch belonged to Air Force Special Operations Command. In a skype communication on March 14, he said that the patch was located in a similar place as on the airman in this photo.  Corey Goode, who says he served for 20 years in a navy run secret space program called Solar Warden, also asserts that he was abducted by airmen belonging to a USAF run secret space program. He says that in early 2016 he was taken on board a triangle shaped antigravity craft by two airmen, where they and their superior interrogated Goode about his knowledge of their highly classified program.  Goode has provided artistic sketches of the triangle shaped spacecraft that was used to abduct him on several occasions. On March 14, in response to a skype question, he says that he witnessed a variation of the Special Operations Command patch during his interactions with AF personnel in space.  Based on the testimony and photos provided by JP, and Goodes testimony and artistic depictions, it can be concluded that the USAF does operate a secret space program, and it uses personnel from Air Force Special Operations Command to operate space craft developed, supplied and monitored by Air Force Space Command.  All this takes us back to Trumps speech that the creation of a space force is a good idea. There are three possible explanations which need to be considered for why he did so.  First, Trump has been officially briefed that such a force already exists, and his proposal is part of an official disclosure process for revealing the existence of the USAF run secret space program. A powerful motivation for doing so may be to gain public support and additional funding for the program.  Second, Trump has not been officially briefed about the existence of such a space force but has acquired knowledge of it through unofficial channels. Goode claims that he has been told through his own sources that Trump has indeed been informally told about multiple secret space programs.  Trumps speech was therefore intended to pressure Air Force officials to officially brief him about the existence of its space force, in order to prevent the creation of a duplicate space program authorized by Congress, which would take funding away from existing USAF programs. This explanation effectively lays the foundation for the Air Force secret space program being publicly revealed via Trump after he is officially briefed about its existence.  Third, Trump has neither official nor unofficial knowledge of a secret space force and simply believes that the creation of such a force is a good idea worth pursuing. This explanation appears least likely of the three given what he said in his inaugural speech on January 20, 2017, which indicated he had already received some information about secret space programs:  We stand at the birth of a new millennium, ready to unlock the mysteries of space, to free the earth from the miseries of disease, and to harness the energies, industries and technologies of tomorrow.  Consequently, there is grounds for optimism that President Trumps speech will result in him eventually disclosing the existence of an Air Force run space force in order to gain public support for its expansion and additional funding.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  FURTHER READING  (Visited 366 times, 395 visits today)  Tags: Donald Trump, Space Force, Space Program, USAF Space Command, USAF Special Operations) = 0
(Covert Disclosure of Antigravity Rectangle Weapons Platforms by USAF Special Operations  On the morning of October 23, my long-time source JP (a pseudonym) was once again instructed to look up into the sky by a nearby covert operative where he saw a rectangle platform shaped UFO. He used his camera phone to take five photos of the UFO. He then noticed that he had missing time and when he tried to recall what had happened, he had memory flashes of being inside the flying rectangle he had just photographed.  Here is the skype message I received from JP at 4:49 am Hawaii Time (10:49 am EDT):  9:30am 30 minutes lost time it was 10:08 when I get back in the same position where I was doing the pictures today. a white mini work van with two guys black baseball hats Black sunglasses He pulled over in front of me and told me to look up and they left really fast like you can really hear the tires.. a platform ship really near it swooped up fast when it knew it got my attention I was getting flashes on and off of me being inside of this ship , and looking down on the area where I was.. .. in these flashes of remember being cold really cold inside .. the guys told me to look up I saw the ship really close then I saw the guys leaving really fast and I saw the ship swoop up .. when they told me to look up it was like 9:30 Im guessing when I was taking the pictures of the ship it was already 1005 1008 am I could still smell inside the ship it smelled similar when you have a lot of coins in your hands the copper smell.. copper, copper, copper. Beautiful ship amazing maneuvering. Cradling, it went back into the clouds  What follows is a video featuring the five photos with zooms on the flying rectangle at its closest approach, which show some interesting features underneath it.  JP estimated that the length of the flying rectangle was about four school buses (about 40-50 yards/meters), and its width was one and a half school buses (about 15-20 meters/yards). He said that the distinct copper smell was likely related to its antigravity drive or some other aspect of its propulsion system.  JP recalls being inside of the flying rectangle where he was walking down a corridor with windows that he could see out of. He said outside the window it was completely black, and he got the impression that the rectangle was flying in space. He provided a rough sketch of the corridor showing some of the internal features of the craft.  In addition, JP says that he remembered being injected with something, presumably a mind control substance, so he would cooperate. He shared a photo of an inflamed reddish area of his upper forearm where he was injected.  He felt some dizziness but the effect quickly wore off, as did the reddish discoloration of the affected area.  Furthermore, JP said that the interior of the rectangle craft looked and smelled like a military vehicle.  Most importantly, he recalled a military patch worn by his abductors, which had a red dot and two wings. He first sketched the patch he witnessed, and passed on a copy to me. Hours later, after further mutual discussion, he found it online. The patch belongs to Air Force Special Operations.  The Air Force patch suggests that the occupants of the craft were part of a squadron of such vehicles operating out of the nearby MacDill Air Force base, Tampa, headquarters of the Special Operations Command, which provides the command structure for AF Special Operations.  It is rare for an experiencer/abductee to take photos of the craft that had abducted him/her. This is most often due to the effects of sedatives or mind control used on them. Yet in the case of JP, he was prodded to look in the sky by two operatives while still under the influence of the substance injected into him.  What this indicates is that the operatives are part of an officially sanctioned covert program run by USAF Special Operations, which is helping JP photograph the flying rectangle craft, and recall his abduction experience on it. JP believes that the operatives came from MacDill Air Force Base, which is very close to where he lives, and where the photos were taken.  JP has previously described being befriended by a special forces serviceman from MacDill telling him about covert operations involving flying triangles, one of which he pilots as part of a secret squadron. JP has previously spoken about being taken on these craft, of which he has provided a number of photos.  The flying rectangle platform craft is a new type of antigravity vehicle witnessed by JP. It nevertheless is clear that senior officials at AF Special Operations and Special Operations Command, want to disclose to the general public that they possess such vehicles, which have been secretly deployed in one or more highly classified squadrons.  Flying rectangle sightings have been rare, but do exist. There was a sighting in Texas in October 2012 that was reported to MUFON. Here is what was reported:  Another flying rectangle was reported to MUFON on March 30, 2016 at Seattle, Washington. A further sighting occurred at Oroville, California on April 15, 2017, which was again reported to MUFON. Most recently, on October 16, 2017, a rectangle shaped UFO was witnessed over the Tampa Bay region heading out to the Gulf of Mexico, according to another MUFON report.    What needs to be pointed out is that in the four sightings of flying rectangles witnessed, none of the vehicles were photographed. The earliest known photo of a rectangle UFO was taken in August 1987.    Lending further significance to JPs photos is that his related military abduction experience aboard the craft he photographed, clearly suggests that these flying rectangles have been covertly deployed in squadrons which are fully operational, and are operated by USAF Special Operations in space.  According to Secret Space Program insider, Corey Goode, the rectangle craft are actually weapons platforms whose genesis he explains as follows:  I think similar platforms or UFOs have been reported in the 80s and 90s as they were first building out of these platforms that have modular weapons and personnel delivery systems or configurations. They were built up on that superstructure type frame along time ago and they been on improved upon sense but these are pretty old technologies both the TR 3B and the square platform Its crazy all of this is happening not six months after I announced on Cosmic Disclosure.  Based on the circumstances surrounding his abduction and being prompted by covert operatives to look at the sky, it can be concluded that the rectangle platforms photographed by JP are part of a USAF run Secret Space Program, which are deployed out of MacDill Air Force Base. The disclosure of these fully operational space based weapons platforms, appears to have been sanctioned by senior officials from USAF Special Operations and Special Operations Command.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  [Update 7:00 am HST: The above article was updated with additional information from an Open Minds article discussing another MUFON report of a Rectangle UFO in the Tampa Bay region in October 2017.]  [Special Note on GoFundMe for JP: I wish to thank those members of the public that have supported the GoFundMe campaign to purchase JP a new camera/phone so he can provided higher resolution photos/videos of the craft he is witnessing. Today we reached the goal of the campaign and I have started the process of getting him his new camera/phone. I wish to emphasize that I started the campaign under my own initiative and JP had no role in suggesting it. He is very grateful for the public support he has received. Michael E. Salla, Ph.D.]  Further Reading  (Visited 10,038 times, 2 visits today)  Tags: Flying Rectangle Platforms, MacDill AFB, Rectangle UFOs, Special Operations Command) = 0
(President Trump Validates QAnon  How Will UFO SSP Disclosure Happen?  On February 21, President Donald Trump hosted a gathering of students, teachers and parents from the Majory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting tragedy. Just before the meeting began at 4:21 pm, President Trump was photographed showing some handheld notes on White House stationary with a list of five talking points he planned to use during the meeting.  Unusually, Trump had the notes facing outward toward the cameras, rather than facing towards him which would be normal for any public speaker. This made it easy for the notes to be photographed leading to immediate media speculation about the appropriateness of Trumps talking points.    Only a few hours after the meeting, at 7:34 pm, EST, QAnon released a coded post referring to five security tests.  The next day, QAnon posted an image showing Trump holding the note, alongside the later coded message. Trumps hand placement, the five notes points, appeared to have a connection to QAnons coded post.  The message QAnon was transmitting was that Trump had deliberately turned his notes outward facing the camera in order to pass on a coded message.  QAnon was telling his audience that Trump was hearing the voices of the many estimated to number as much as twenty million (Q post 809), who have been following the QAnon material  I hear you.  During the meeting itself, available on video, the notes are nowhere to be seen. Trump, only held the notes prior to the meetings start. This tells us that these were just talking points for Trump to memorize before the meeting began and were then discarded.  Its possible that he accidently had the list of five points facing out prior to the start of the meeting, but its highly unusual for an experienced public speaker like Trump to do so. The more plausible explanation is that his action was deliberate.  Given the connection QAnon found in Trumps odd hand placement around the notes, and the coded message released only three hours later, this makes it clearer that Trumps action was deliberate and not accidental.  Consequently, it does appear that Trump was sending a coded message that corroborated the QAnon material, as investigative reporters such as Dr. Jerome Corsi contend.  If Trump was indeed passing on a coded message that both corroborated the February 21 security test, and that he was listening to people following the QAnon material, then some important conclusions can be drawn.  First, Donald Trump is aware of and endorsing the QAnon disclosures of classified information occurring on anonymous message boards. This conclusion supports the contention of Dr. Corsi that QAnon is a group of U.S. Army Military Intelligence officials that are disclosing classified information about real life events involving the White House.  Second, Donald Trump is actively participating in sending coded messages designed to legitimate the QAnon material, which confirms that his administration is directly connected with and supporting QAnon.  Third, President Trump is sanctioning the disclosure of classified information through QAnons posts, which opens the door to read-in insiders to anonymously disclose classified information on a range of topics. This is significant since many insiders possessing classified information would not normally release it, unless authorized by a higher authority, such as Trump.  Finally, the Trump Administration is locked into a no holds barred struggle against Deep State actors and forces as explained in over 800 posts to date by QAnon. These cover a multitude of issues concerning secret indictments, arrests of Deep State officials involved in pedophile networks, treasonous actions by Obama administration officials, and the January 13 false flag ballistic missile attack on Hawaii.  In addition, Corsi has claimed that Trump is very familiar with the cover-up of information concerning UFOs and Secret Space Programs. Its therefore very possible that QAnon will be the means by which advanced technologies secretly developed in Unacknowledged Special Access Programs will be disclosed to the world.  This leads us to a comment Trump made in his inauguration speech:  We stand at the birth of a new millennium, ready to unlock the mysteries of space, to free the earth from the miseries of disease, and to harness the energies, industries and technologies of tomorrow.    Its therefore well worth closely monitoring QAnons posts and President Trumps actions in supporting the release of classified information through anonymous whistleblowers, and what this is about to disclose about UFOs and secret space programs.   Michael E. Salla, Ph.D. Copyright Notice  Further Reading  (Visited 22,742 times, 27 visits today)  Tags: Donald Trump, Jerome Corsi, QAnon, secret space program, UFOs) = 0
(Fox News once reported that a Marine Corps father has been banished from his daughters school after he complained about her homework assignment on Islam. Kevin Wood said his daughter was ordered to write a three page essay about Islams five pillars, at La Plata High School in Maryland. He argued that students cant study Christianity in school but we can force-feed our kids Islam.  When are we going to weed out the hypocrites in our government. This is One Nation Under God, not a Nation Under Islam. People have been attempting to remove God from our schools for decades. Today we have school boards that say its ok to teach Islam, and talk about Muhammad. A man who married a child at the age of six, and had sex with her when she was nine. Thats a good role model for our kids dont you think. Our children are not allowed to pray to God in school, but they can write reports on Islam.  These hypocrites in our school system need to know they cant have it both ways. If our children are not allowed to talk about Jesus then teachers should not be allowed to talk about Muhammad. If the teaching of God is not allowed in our schools, then there is no way you should ever allow the teaching of Satan. The separation of Church and State applies to everyone in this nation. God bless each and everyone of you, Shep #Marine4Truth) = 0
(Whiskey and coffee has been around for a while, just ask the Irish. Jack Daniels has jumped on the coffee bandwagon and created their own coffee infused with their famous Tennessee whiskey. In 2011, Jack Daniels created a line of coffee that tried incorporating Jack Daniels flavoring into the grounds rather than the whiskey itself, which was discontinued. Not too long ago Jack Daniels came out strong with a line of coffee in which the beans are soaked in the actual whiskey for a long period of time.  I regret to say, ladies and gents, that there is no alcohol content in this coffee. The roasting process takes away the alcohol, but leaves a smooth, rich cinnamon flavor on the coffee grounds. One customer wrote, My girlfriend bought me this for Christmas and I must say it is the best coffee I have ever had. It is such a unique flavor that makes the coffee feel more refreshing while you drink it. It is just a hint of the whiskey flavor and I would suggest that this is meant for people who like to drink their coffee black otherwise cream takes away from the flavor.  Jack Daniels gives a description on their website stating, Our unique blend of gourmet coffee is 100% Arabica, infused with authentic Jack Daniels Tennessee Whiskey, and roasted medium to provide a full-bodied rich flavor. The distinct caramel and vanilla notes of Jack Daniels Old No. 7 Tennessee Whiskey are evident in each sip.  Huffpost employees tried the coffee as well with one person saying the coffee smelled like you should be in some sophisticated persons house surrounded by thick armchairs and mahogany.  I dont know about you, but whiskey and coffee happen to be two of my favorite things and I will definitely be giving good ole Jack Daniels coffee a try.) = 0
(On February 12, 2018, a beautiful Monday morning, Barack and Michelle Obamas official portraits were unveiled for all to see at the Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery. Their portraits will hang in the gallery next to every past U.S. President. The portraits are unlike any of the others that hang in the gallery today, and not in a good way.  Kehinde Wiley is an African-American painter who is highly known for his naturalistic paintings of African-Americans in strong, proud poses and is the artist who painted Barack Obama. The portrait gallery writes, through this practice, he challenges the visual rhetoric of power that is dominated by elite white men. Kehinde is very proud of his work. He stated, The ability to be the first African-American painter to paint the first African-American president of the United States is absolutely overwhelming.  Barack Obamas portrait shows him sitting on a wooden chair with his elbows on his knees and a stern look on his face. The background of the photo is covered with greens leaves and flowers. Yes the power and dominance of Barack Obama is symbolized by pretty little flowers and bright green leaves. Now that I think about it, its a perfect portrayal of the former president. Outstanding job Kehinde.  Next, we have Michelle Obamas portrait. The artist that was chosen to paint Michelle was Amy Sherald, an African-American painter from Baltimore, Maryland who only paints African-Americans. Her work focuses on social justice and issues in regards to race and identity.  The first thing you will ask yourself when you look at Michelle Obamas portrait is, who is that? Thats because the portrait looks like a woman 20 years younger and I will be honest and say that its better to look at as well. Ben Howe sarcastically wrote in a Tweet, For Michelle Obamas portrait, we decided to paint someone else. The next thing about her painting is the color of Michelles skin, which is gray. Gray makes the paintings work. But its also a way for me to subversively comment about race without feeling as though Im excluding the viewer. Sherald said.  An already embarrassing former administration now graces our nation with even more embarrassment for all to see.) = 0
(In the slow roll of felonious revelations coming out regarding the Obama Administration, Hillary and Bill Clinton, and a whole host of shady and nefarious characters, information was finally provided to members of the Senate Judiciary, House Intelligence and House Oversight and Government Reform Committees by an FBI informant with intimate knowledge of the Uranium One deal done with the Russians by Hillary Clinton who was Secretary of State at the time.  William Douglas Campbell both testified for a number of hours answering questions and provided a written statement to the lawmakers.  Campbell testified that the money flowed through an American lobbying firm known as APCO Worldwide that had been hired for an annual fee of $3 million, with the intent of purchasing favor with the Clintons toward Russia by contributing financially to former President Bill Clintons charitable work, according to the Washington Examiner. The contract called for four payments of $750,000 over twelve months, Campbell explained in his written statement. APCO was expected to give assistance free of charge to the Clinton Global Initiative as part of their effort to create a favorable environment to ensure the Obama administration made affirmative decisions on everything from Uranium One to the U.S.-Russia Civilian Nuclear Cooperation agreement.  Which begs the question, why would Russia work to get Donald Trump elected president if they had invested $3 million in Hillary Clinton via the Clinton Foundation?  That is a question for another time, but this episode provides direct evidence by way of testimony from a trusted source that the Clintons were currying favor from foreign governments for use after the 2016 election when it was assumed Hillary Clinton would win.  Campbell began informing the FBI of the Russian plot to gain a foothold in the U.S. uranium market in 2009, which ultimately resulted in their gaining approval in 2010 from the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. for the sale of Canadian-owned Uranium One  which held mining interests in America  to Russian mining company Rosatom.  In 2009 and 2010 when all of this went down, the Democrats were in charge in Congress.  Let that sink in.) = 0
(Last week the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell. This has been marked by a tightening labor market and stronger economy since the start of the new year. On Thursday, the Labor market said initial claims for benefits fell by 9,000 to an adjusted 221,000. This put jobless claims near 216,000, which hit in January and was the lowest level since 1973. Economists had actually been forecasting a rise in unemployment claims to be between 232,000 and 238,000.  The lower number of claims shows that companies are keeping hold of their employees while there is a shortage of skilled labor. Businesses are having a hard time finding workers to fill positions, especially in the fields of manufacturing and construction.  Last week was the 152nd straight week that unemployment claims remained below 300,000 which is the longest stretch since 1970. As we know, back then the labor market was much smaller. Today, the labor market is almost near full employment. The unemployment rate now stands at 4.1% which is a 17-year low. The figures suggest that the unemployment rate could possibly drop further. More jobs are being created meaning more Americans being able to enter the workforce.  The number of people that have already been collecting unemployment claims, which is known as continuing claims, dropped by 33,000 leaving the number at 1.92 million. There is also report of wage growth by 2.9%. That growth, however, may be exaggerated by temporary factors and the gain is reported to be concentrated among management-level employees.  They are still keeping an eye on the figures, and Januarys employment report is scheduled to be released on Friday. With the way things are looking, there is hope towards the unemployment rate dropping further and the economy getting stronger in the future. Many people are not certain who, or what to thank for this good news. Im sure we know the answer to that.) = 0
(In all honesty, religious women of every persuasion are supposed to dress modestly. That means clothing that is not revealing and doesnt cling too closely to the body. For Christian and Jewish women, a little leeway is given. For followers of Islam, none is. In Islam, the whole woman, in fact, is treated less like a lady than like a piece of livestock.  So it was really rather shocking to hear that one of the nations largest retailers, Macys, is now going to offer a clothing line catering to Muslims.  The national high-end retailer is working with Verona Collection, a modern Islamic clothing boutique, Fox News reports. Lisa Vogl, a 2017 graduate of Macys business development program for minorities and women, runs the company. Verona Collection was simply an idea, that was conceptualized by a single mom who had converted to Islam in 2011, the companys website states. After embracing Islam, she had a stark realization: modest and fashionable clothing were both hard to acquire and difficult to afford. After doing a bit of research, she realized that many other women, both Muslim and non-Muslim, felt the same way.  And yet Christian and Jewish women who face the same problems get no such special treatment.  Most of us actually get creative with where we shop and what we buy rather than guilting retailers into treating us like a special class of people. Just sayin.  This move by Macys is very disappointing for those of us cheering on Iranian women who are jailed for removing their headscarves in public. We also are witnessing the very slow Islamicization of America whether we want it or not. This is how they operate: move into a country over a period of decades and gradually invade it. This is exactly what happened in Spain, and other parts of Europe 1300 years ago. Its a slow, but hostile takeover. And it is happening here.  Well, some of us out on the fruited plain are not going to participate. If Macys is kowtowing to the invaders, they are not getting this writers business. There are plenty of other retailers out there with modest clothes for this Christian (okay, Catholic) woman.) = 0
(In American culture, the name itself reeks of privilege. Harvard, the oldest university in the United States, one of the few that pre-dates the nation herself, and one of the places where tailgating vittles includes champagne, caviar, and pheasant, has now decided that privilege needs to go, and is making moves to see that it happens in a timely fashion.  Last year, Harvard University took the unprecedented step of banning on- and off-campus single-gender organizations. The ban targeted sororities and fraternities, but also unrecognized single-gender social organizations called Finals Clubs that served as gathering places for the schools legacy students. In December, Harvard finalized the policy, but women at Harvard immediately protested because the single-sex ban was supposed to come down only on those organizations that represented privilege  and theres no way an eternally oppressed, female-only organization at an Ivy League school, made up entirely of the gender-underprivileged, could ever be a place of exclusivity, elitism, and classism. The Harvard Administration listened, and so while the heads and members of male-only groups will be subject to immediate punishment under the policy, womens groups will have five years to come up with ways to comply with the new rules. Until then, they can call themselves female-focused and be considered to be in line with the policy change.  Nothing like giving the girls a little extra time to get ready.  This being Harvard, of course, such bans are not the end of the story. Oh, no, the boys are lawyering up, and preparing to sue the Crimson for their share of the privilege pie. (Seriously, why else would half the people who go to school there, go to school there.)  A few prestigious finals clubs are also lawyering up, preparing to sue the school under the theory that Harvard is unnecessarily burdening students right to free association, and that Harvard cannot punish members of clubs that dont officially exist on Harvards campus.  Forget popping popcorn for this soap opera. Pass the pheasant and Dom.) = 0
(Some controversies are so stupid they really dont deserve print. Such is the case with the wife of New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, Gisele Bundchen and her mommy moment being completely blown out of context. Following the defeat of her husbands team in the SuperBowl by the Philadelphia Eagles, the super-model and mother of the couples two children did what all good moms do and tried to comfort her kids who were not used to their daddy losing the big game.  Their daughter cried, The Eagles won the Super Bowl. Gisele responded, Just this time. Daddy won five times. They never won before. Sometimes you have to let other people win, she said. We have to share. Sharing is caring.  This mommy moment, as well-meant as it may have been, was blown out of proportion by news media and players. So, Gisele tweeted a clarification for anyone who has not studied the words of Vince Lombardi.  Just to be clear. No one let anyone win. People win because of their own merit. Tired of people twisting my words to create drama that doesnt exist!  Gisele Bndchen (@giseleofficial) February 7, 2018  It is really rather ridiculous even if most of America puts the Patriots in the same category as the Cowboys and flaming bags of poo. A mom being a mom and saying the right things to her kids to teach them about life doesnt deserve to be taken apart for it even if she is in the habit of being snarky after games.  After the Patriots lost to the Giants in 2012, she was caught on video criticizing former Patriots receiver Wes Welker, who had dropped a critical pass. My husband can not f throw the ball and catch the ball at the same time, Bundchen said. I cant believe they dropped the ball so many times.  For the amount of money those men are paid to play a game that will eventually kill them from all of the violent contact and head trauma, most fans would actually agree with her.  This little episode is creating drama and controversy where none exists. Its time to move on.) = 0
(It is one of the actions about which there is no ambiguity in Catholic teaching from the beginning of the Church (as in, its in the Didache, which is essentially the first Catechism). Catholics, those who follow the way of Life, are NEVER to participate in the action of abortion, either directly or indirectly. Such a move excommunicates, or puts the individual outside of the communion, latae sententiae, or by the act itself. That includes voting for its legality.  This is known inside the Church, but in modern times is rarely acknowledged to the public at large by the group with the loudest mouthpiece among Catholics: the bishops. The bishops, as a group, shy away from too much publicity on abortion other than claiming the pro-life high ground. Why this is the case could well have to do with the politicization of abortion, and the reality that excommunication has been used as a political tool over the centuries. However, the timidity of the Episcopate on this topic has raised the ire of one priest. And he has a blog.  Father Dwight Longenecker, however, is putting his foot down, demanding that Catholic politicians who voice their support for evils like abortion finally be expelled from the Church. Today is the day for their bishops to issue a formal statement acknowledging that these men and women have publicly denied their Catholic faith, and if not formally, then have informally excommunicated themselves, Longenecker wrote in a recent blog post. Longenecker points out that the politicians who support abortion do so publicly, warranting a public rebuke. Since their offense is public, it should be acknowledged publicly and their pastors should publicly rebuke them and deny them access to the sacraments, he said. If the bishops and priests do not do this, Father Longenecker added, the faithful in their parishes and dioceses should rise up and blizzard them with letters, emails and the one thing that will really make them sit up and take notice: withholding their contributions.  This particular rant is in response to 14 U.S. Senators who claim to be Catholic voting against the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, seeking to protect unborn children at 20 weeks gestation. Father Longenecker wants those Catholics to be publicly rebuked at the very least. Excommunication does that, but it is supposed to be a pastoral remedy, where the person repents and returns to the fold. It is not meant to be a permanent means of kicking someone out.  However, Longenecker requests that the names of the 14 senators in question be publicized. Here they are:  Maria Cantwell  Washington  Susan Collins -Maine  Dick Durbin  Illinois  Kirsten Gillibrand  New York  Heidi Heitkamp  North Dakota  Tim Kaine  Virginia  Patrick Leahy  Vermont  Ed Markey  Massachusetts  Catherine Cortez Masto  Nevada  Claire McCaskill  Missouri  Bob Menendez  New Jersey  Lisa Murkowski  Alaska  Patty Murray  Washington  Jack Reed  Rhode Island  Catholics all over the country take note.  Andwe also might consider what sort of society we have in the United States, all over the world, really, where women are subjected to this sort of violence.) = 0
(The deportation airlifts are finally underway with President Donald Trump at the helm of the government. People who have been living within the borders of the United States for decades without any intention of becoming citizens are being picked up and dropped off in their country of origin resulting in guilt ridden stories from the mainstream media.  One such person returned to the land of his people is a Jordanian man, Amer Adi, featured by CNN in their effort to sell the American people on the idea that these aliens deserve to stay.  His 94-year-old mother sat in a wheelchair at the arrivals gate, overcome with emotion as she waited for Adi. She hadnt seen him in 20 years. As he walked out, his siblings, nephews and nieces broke out in cheers. But they were soon in tears. Adi fell to his knees, a broken man in his mothers arms. I have mixed feelings, very mixed feelings. Im so happy, so glad to be here, my home, to see my mother, my brother, my family, my friends, that makes me proud and happy, Adi told CNN at the airport. At the same time, I feel so sad of what happened to me. Im so sorry to tell you what happened is unjust, not right, and everyone back there knows that. What the Trump administration is doing is  you cant even explain it, said Adi. Adi lived in America for nearly 40 years. He has a wife who is a US citizen, and four daughters who are also US citizens. He owns several businesses in his adopted hometown of Youngstown, Ohio. A week ago, he was deported. For more than 20 years, his life has been a legal battle. But with the help of an Ohio congressman, he was able to remain in the US. That all changed when US President Donald Trump took office last year and doubled down on immigration.  So, the government has been working on deporting this guy for 20 years? According to the story his legal status changed from greencard holder to illegal when he and his wife moved to Brazil for three years in the 90s. The story goes on that immigration officials felt the marriage was a sham (now evidenced by the term ex-wife in the story) and that the ex claims she did not make the marriage claim willingly.  What a mess. But it is proof that the loopholes that exist in U.S. immigration laws are ripe for abuse. President Trump is right about that. And the marriage issue is one that does need to be addressed, even for those widowed when the American citizen in the couple passes away.) = 0
(U.S. Navy spies embedded within the Nazi party during World War 2 say that the Nazi war effort was assisted by aliens and extraterrestrial technology.  According to William Tompkins, an aerospace designer, Adolf Hitler had a secret agreement with representatives from a reptilian extraterrestrial race who helped the SS to develop advanced weapons.  Exopolitics.org reports:  In the interview, Tompkins discusses the Reptilian consultants helping the Nazis:  They had, if you want to call them, consultants, who are Reptilian consultants assisting on all of these different things that it takes to design and build these spacecraft carriers, and propulsion systems. So this is an extremely well developed program and documented like crazy. Getting copies of the documents was hard for them, hard for our spies. This was an open program in the upper level of the SS.  The spies learned that the goal of the Reptilian plan was not only to assist the Nazis to win the war and achieve planetary conquest, but to build fleets of antigravity spacecraft carriers that could be used for interplanetary conquest in other star systems:  Holy cats the thing went way beyond that [world conquest]. Again, what we just said about this was the tip of the iceberg of what they were doing. Already Reptilians were doing it to other stars planets all over this area of the Galaxy. These young kids, the operatives, they couldnt believe half of what they brought back, what was going on. But some of them were really good people, and they knew how to get into places and listen to whats going on, and finding what that guy he had talked to, or he heard, and going to so and so, because yes they were doing that over there.  Tompkins information is startling, but it is not the first time claims have been made about Nazi Germany receiving extraterrestrial help during the War. The father of German rocket science, Herman Oberth, said the following in response to a question about Nazi Germanys rapid technological development:  We cannot take credit for our record advancement in certain scientific fields alone. We have been helped. When asked by whom, he replied, the peoples of other worlds.  In a 1998 interview with Linda Moulton Howe, a former CIA agent, who from 1957 to 1960 was given access to highly classified briefing files, said that the documents revealed that the Nazis had indeed been helped by an extraterrestrial race in their advanced aeronautical weapons projects:  When Vril was building that first craft, the Vril had one or two of the aliens that worked with them in Germany where they fired rockets from Peenemunde. The documents I read in Washington said thats where the first Vril vehicle was made. They [aliens] were helpers to Germany.  More recently, Secret Space Program whistleblower, Corey Goode says that from 1987 to 2007, he read intelligence briefings on smart-glass pads that detailed what had happed during World War II.  He describes how German Secret Societies were helped before and throughout World War II by Draconian extraterrestrials who were assisting the former in the development of advanced antigravity space battle fleets.  At the same time these [German Secret] Societies had made contact with the Draco Federation and another group that avoided the Dracos. The German Occultists were very busy from the early 1900s, especially the time just before, during and after World War One. Their major breakthroughs occurred in the late 1930s.  Goode said that the ultimate goal of the Reptilians, in helping German Secret Societies and the Nazi SS, was to create advanced space carrier groups that would be capable of interplanetary conquest. The eventual German/Nazi space battle groups became what Goode described as the Dark Fleet. It operates outside of our solar system, and is described at length in the book, Insiders Reveal Secret Space Programs and Extraterrestrial Alliances.  Consequently, the whistleblower testimonies by the CIA Agent and Corey Goode support Tompkins claims that intelligence briefing files dating from World War II did indeed refer to Nazi Germany being assisted by extraterrestrials. Significantly, the ultimate goal of the German Reptilian alliance went far beyond planetary conquest, as Tompkins claimed the U.S. Navy had learned from its spies.  In addition to the preceding whistleblower testimony, there are important documents that support Tompkins extraordinary claims. In his autobiography, Selected by Extraterrestrials, Tompkins supplied a number of significant documents.  The two most pertinent to his specific claims that Navy spies were reporting on advanced Nazi aerospace projects, are Tompkins mission orders and two passeshe received to enter and leave Naval Air Station with multiple information packages.  His mission orders confirm that he was authorized to work as a Disseminator of Aircraft Research and Information. This is compelling documentary evidence that the packages Tompkins was carrying contained classified Naval intelligence on advanced aircraft designs, which included those developed in Nazi Germany.  Tompkins revealed how he participated in the debriefings of Navy spies, who returned periodically from Germany to give updates on what they were seeing in advanced technology projects. Tompkins job was to then design briefing packets that he would disseminate to leading U.S. corporations, think tanks and universities that could properly study and evaluate the information.  Over the four years of his covert Naval Intelligence service (1942-1946) Tompkins estimates giving 1200 briefings at different locations, where he revealed Nazi secrets to those U.S. scientists most capable of understanding what the Germans were secretly developing.) = 0
(The U.S. and Russia are making preparations for World War III, according to Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson, former chief aide to U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell. Col. Wilkerson says he has observed the same type []) = 0
(Brave Vladimir Putin is standing up to the US government again: he is said to have demanded that Western government forces stop spraying chemtrails in Syria.  How closely Russian military forces worked with Western forces is an operational detail that hasnt been fully divulged and remains beyond top secret on both sides, but according to a Federal Security Services (FSB) report and strong sources in the Kremlin the contact was close enough for Russian military top brass to learn of Western tactics and standard operating procedures, and they have passed on the intelligence to the Kremlin.  President Putin, who is fundamentally opposed to herbicidal warfare, is said to be deeply disturbed and furious.  As I understand it, the Americans are not interested in defeating ISIS but they are interested in controlling the minds of the Syrian population.  Chemtrails regularly remained in north-Western Syrian skies for whole days during American-led airstrikes on Khorasan and al-Nusra, according to the FSB report, transforming into cirrus-like clouds in the evenings. It is said no civilian casualties have died from chemical deployment, but chemtrails are not about death, they are about psychological and physical control.  Crop destruction and attempts to control the weather are anathema to President Putin. He is a strong supporter of the Environmental Modification Convention which bans any technique for changing the composition or structure of the Earths biota.  American and British military forces have been openly ignoring these international laws for decades. During the Vietnam War the US used herbicidal and incendiary agents like napalm, arguing they fell outside the definition of chemical weapons, and used planes to spray 10% of the total land surface of south Vietnam. 85% of spraying was for defoliation and about 15% was for crop destruction.  And in 2016 they are continuing to spray civilian populations in an attempt to control them, alter the structure of the Earths biota, and weaponise the weather. Putin is deeply opposed to this. He considers weather manipulation to be a dangerous game that has disastrous consequences.  Putins childhood might explain his understanding that nature must be respected and cultivated, not manipulated and weaponised.  After the Siege of Leningrad, which almost killed his mother, his family was forced to move into a rat-infested communal building. Putin spent hours chasing rodents in the staircase. He developed a respiratory disease. Four adults, plus Putin and his brother, were squeezed into a single 20 square foot room with no hot water, bath, or toilet. He overcame these dire conditions by embracing his studies as well as judo, karate, and sambo, a Russian martial art that requires intense balance between mind and body. The Russian President understands the need for a healthy, disciplined lifestyle.) = 0
(Britain is getting ready to launch a propaganda war against Russia amid allegations that the Kremlin is spreading fake news about the poisoning of Sergei Skripal.  British spies will be tasked with identifying trolling social media platforms to clamp down on what the UK government deems to be misinformation.  Theresa May has instructed the intelligence services to use social media to disrupt misinformation as she promised to use every capability at our disposal to defeat the alleged new threat facing Britain.  RT reports: The new instructions are included in the Fusion Doctrine, unveiled as part of the National Security Capability Review, to be published on Wednesday. It seeks to tackle the perceived threat from Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS), Russia and North Korea.  Increased efforts to tackle fake news come amid security experts alleging, in the Telegraph, that Russia put out more than 20 stories trying to confuse the picture and the charge sheet over the poisoning of ex-double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia, in Salisbury earlier this month.  It follows reports of Britain sharing unprecedented levels of intelligence with countries in a bid to persuade them of Russias involvement in the Skripal attack. The material provided includes evidence from the chemical weapons facility at Porton Down, just outside the Wiltshire town. The information was cited as being key to 23 states and NATO expelling dozens of Russian diplomats. The UK usually only shares highly classified documents with fellow Five Eyes countries, namely the US, Australia, New Zealand and Canada.  Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn received widespread criticism after failing to squarely point the finger at Russia over the Skripal case in the aftermath of the poisoning. He requested that more evidence be made available and that the channels of international law be utilized before people make allegations against the Kremlin.  While expelling three diplomats from the Czech Republic, President Milos Zeman echoed such calls, saying: I want to see the facts. I will certainly welcome if the United Kingdom presents some evidence that the Russians wanted to kill the double agent Skripal, Blesk news outlet reported on Tuesday. Zeman has also ordered the Czech counter-intelligence services to investigate whether the A-234 nerve agent, also known as Novichok, could have been produced in his country.  Russia has vehemently denied any wrongdoing and has hit out at the UKs refusal to allow it to assess the agent. It has also criticized Britain for failing to disclose information relating to the case.) = 0
(The 9/11 terrorist attacks were covert operations carried out by Israeli agents to provoke the US into waging wars against Muslim nations and Israels adversaries, according to experts.  Kevin Barrett, author and 9/11 researcher from Madison, Wisconsin says: This was a false flag operation; elements of the US government protected it and the team that carried it out was primarily consisting of agents of Israel  He added that Saudi Arabia and Iran had nothing to do with it and that the Saudis were used to set up the hijacker patsies. This was an operation against the entire Muslim world  Press TV reports: The Twin Towers in New York City were destroyed by controlled demolitions and there is no concrete evidence that Muslims hijacked the aircrafts that crashed into the towers, said Barrett, a founding member of the Scientific Panel for the Investigation of 9/11.  On Friday, the Al Jazeera news network reported that Saudi Arabia is adding Iran to legal proceedings in the US over its alleged involvement in the September 11 attacks, citing court documents.  Lawyers representing Saudi Arabia in a lawsuit that alleges its connection to the attacks filed a tag-along action on Wednesday to consolidate litigation accusing Iran of also playing a role, the report said.) = 0
(The Pentagon spent over $70 million on military experiments involving deadly viruses and chemical agents at Porton Down  the UK military laboratory accused of secretly orchestrating the nerve agent attack in Salisbury.  The military research facility is located just 7 miles from where former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were found slumped on a bench following alleged Novichok nerve agent poisoning on March 4th.  Southfront.org reports: Information obtained from the US federal contracts registry reveals that the Pentagons Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) has funded a number of military projects performed at the UK Defence Science and Technology Laboratory (DSTL), or Porton Down, over the last decade. Among them: experimental respiratory infection of non-human primates (marmosets) with Anthrax, Ebola virus, Marburg virus, Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus, Western equine encephalitis virus, and Eastern equine encephalitis virus. The US Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) has also funded experiments on animals which were exposed to chemical agents such as Sulfur Mustard and Phosgene gas. Phosgene gas was used as a chemical weapon during World War I where it was responsible for about 85 % of the 100,000 deaths caused by chemical weapons.  DTRA has also been granted full access to DSTL scientific and technical capabilities, and test data under a 2011 contract for the collaboration and exchange of scientific and technical capabilities with the UK Ministry of Defence.  At least 122,000 animals used for military chemical and biological experiments at Porton Down  Animal experiments are classified as confidential in the UK. Under section 24 of the Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act 1986, it is a criminal offence to disclose certain information about animal experiments in the UK.  Data obtained via the Freedom of Information Act though gives an idea of the dimensions of military chemical and biological experiments carried out at Porton Down. A total of 122,050 animals have been exposed to deadly pathogens, chemicals and incurable diseases over the last decade (2005-2016).  Animals used include mice, guinea pigs, rats, pigs, ferrets, sheep, and non-human primates. Some of the deadly experiments have been sponsored by the Pentagon under contracts between DSTL and DTRA. Scientists at Porton Down have infected, or poisoned, animals in order to measure time to death and lethal dose of exposure. In practice, the possible use of the researched virus/chemical gas as a weapon.  Ebola as bioweapon  12 Marmoset monkeys were experimentally infected with the Ebola virus, via aerosol, at Porton Down under a Pentagon-funded project  Experimental respiratory infection of marmosets with Ebola virus Kikwit (the Zaire strain of the Ebola virus which killed more than 245 people in Zaire, now Democratic Republic of Congo, in 1995). The project was part of a $6.3 million DTRA program running at Porton Down from 2012 to 2016  Development of common marmoset models for category A/B pathogens and product evaluation in marmosets.  The experiments stated goal was to measure the lethal dose of exposure and time to death meaning that the Ebola virus Kikwit was researched for its potential as a bioweapon. All infected marmoset monkeys died from 6 to 10 days after exposure to the Ebola virus.  The Pentagon also funded studies on the deadly Marburg virus: a $2.6 million project  Experimental respiratory Marburg virus haemorrhagic fever infection in the common marmoset, and another $1.4 million project  Marburg virus model development, which were undertaken at Porton Down in 2017. This virus causes viral hemorrhagic feverand is listed as a Category A Bioterrorism Agent. All infected monkeys died from 8 to 10 days. The aim of the studies was to examine the dose and time to death for animals exposed to aerosolized Marburg virus.  Under another $4.8 million project, funded by DTRA, Porton Down scientists along with the Pentagon contractor Mapp Biopharmaceutical tested Susceptibility and lethality of Western Equine Encephalitis Virus in mice when infected by the aerosol route. Mapp Biopharmaceutical is an American pharmaceutical company, which has developed an Ebola vaccine from the tobacco plant. According to the study, aerosol infection is the likely route of exposure to Western Equine Encephalitis Virus in a biowarfare scenario.  12 Marmoset monkeys were infected with anthrax at Porton Down during an experiment funded by the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). The study, Experimental respiratory anthrax infection in the common marmoset (Callithrix jacchus), aimed at determining the lethal dose needed to kill 50% of the animals or the so called LD50 indicator. The value of LD50 for a substance is the dose required to kill half the members of the tested population after a specified test duration. Six of the monkeys died from anthrax from 40 to 140 h.  Chemical agent tests  British military scientists were funded by DTRA to perform Chemical Agent system testing as part of a $39.7 million Pentagon program (2012-2017) at Porton Down. Documents prove that the US Department of Defense Agency  DTRA funded animal experiments with chemical agents at the secretive British military lab.  In 2016 Porton Down scientists along with their colleagues from the US Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense published the results of a joint study Acute Gene Expression Profile of Lung Tissue Following Sulfur Mustard Inhalation Exposure in Large Anesthetized Swine. According to the funding information, this work was supported by two contracts with the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (US Department of Defense). During the experiment at Porton Down 16 pigs were exposed to mustard gas for about 10 minutes, at 12 h post exposure the animals were killed (three of them died during the experiment due to complications) and a full post-mortem examination performed in order to determine the lung damage caused by the sulfur mustard inhalation.  Sulfur mustard is a chemical warfare agent that was first used on the battlefield in World War I. It has been classified as a Class 1 human carcinogen, meaning that it can also cause cancer. Mustard agents were regulated under the 1993 Chemical Weapons Convention as substances with no use other than in chemical warfare.  The last use of Sulfur mustard in battle was confirmed in Syria in 2016. According to the BBC, Islamic State (ISIS) jihadists used mustard gas against government forces in Deir-ez-Zor. The same chemical gas was confirmed to have been used by ISIS against Kurds in Northern Iraq. According to The Independent, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) confirmed that laboratory tests had come back positive for sulfur mustard, after around 35 Kurdish troops fell sick on the battlefield in August 2015.  According to information obtained from the US Federal contracts registry, Porton Down scientists 5 months ago completed a $ 2 million military program involving chemical gas experiments on animals. This program was funded by the US Department of the Army on behalf of the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense (USAMRICD) and was launched in 2008 and further extended in 2012. The work on the program included Phosgene Gas tests. Amongst them  Continued Model Development to Establish Reproducible Phosgene Injury at 24 Hours. According to the program documents, the purpose was to monitor the development of acute lung injury following phosgene exposure. Phosgene gas was used extensively as a chemical weapon, most notably during World War I.  Coincidence: Guinea pigs at Porton Down and at the home of the poisoned ex-spy  Tests using nerve agents VX and VM on guinea pigs were carried out at Poton Down in 2015. The project was funded by the UK Ministry of Defence. Interestingly, ginea pigs were also found at Sergei Skripals home in Salisbury, just a few kilometers away from the secretive chemical and biological military lab. A photo of the Skripals pets  a cat and guinea pigs, was posted by his daughter Yulia on Facebook.  In a 2015 report to the UK parliament the UK Ministry of Defence does confirm the use of animals for military chemical and biological experiments. The ministry states: DSTL is proud to deliver cutting-edge science and technology for the benefit of national defence and security. Part of its work is to provide safe and effective countermeasures against the threat posed by chemical and biological weapons and to enhance the treatment of conventional casualties on the battlefield, which could not currently be achieved without the use of animals.  Porton Down scientists test chemical gas on London Tube passengers  Chemical gas was released on thousands of unsuspecting commuters during a military experiment on the London Underground, documents reveal. These chemical tests were performed in 2013 by scientist from Porton Down.  The UK government never informed the British public of the military experiment on the London Underground. Thousands of people were exposed to chemical gas without their knowledge. Nor did the Ministry of Defence ask for their consent to participate in such military experiments. Information about the project can be obtained from a 2016 US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) document entitled Environmental Assessment of Proposed NYC Subway Tracer Particle and Gas Releases for the Underground Transport Restoration Project.  The document provides information about other programs running in the USA and UK from 2005 to 2016. Among them are the London Underground chemical trials. They were conducted by the Defense Science and Technology Laboratory (DSTL), also known as Porton Down.  Information obtained from the UK government contracts registry confirms that Porton Down scientists conducted a study involving access to the London tube under a 3-year contract with the London Underground (2011-2014). The content of the project is not specified though.  According to the contract documents, the London Underground cannot communicate on these matters with any media representative unless specifically granted permissions to do so. In the event that the Contract becomes classified the Contractor must safeguard information. Before publishing information to the general public, Porton Down may redact any information that would be exempt from disclosure if it was the subject of a request for information under the Freedom of Information Act.  The controversial military laboratory was investigated for chemical and biological experiments on humans in the past. Up to 20,000 people took part in various trials from 1949 to 1989. In 2008, the UK Ministry of Defence paid 360 veterans 3 million without admitting liability.  Powder dissemination of chemical or biological agents  Presently Porton Down scientists produce and test dissemination of biological and/or chemical agents as they did in the past, documents from the UK government contracts registry reveal. Although the information is redacted, it still raises questions as to why the UK military needs to develop a new technique for dissemination of chemical or biological agents via the inhalational route. A private contractor  Red Scientific Ltd, was awarded a 50,000 contract in 2012 to explore techniques that could be used to manipulate the flow ability of dry powders, principally to understand the delivery of solid particulate by inhalation, and to apply a variety of innovative powder manipulation techniques to a specific irritant powder (provided by DSTL). If the work in 2012/13 proves to be successful there is potential for a second phase to be pursued in 2013/14 examining other powder materials with the same techniques, the contract documents reveal. The projects stated goal is marked improvement in the efficiency of aerosolisation over current techniques used at DSTL.  DSTL has also tested dissemination techniques in wind tunnels. A private company  NIAB Trading Ltd, was awarded a 12,020 contract to provide facilities and expertise to assist with wind tunnel assessments.  Such experiments involving the release of bacteria were conducted in the UK in the past during the joint UK-US military operation DICE. A declassified US Army document reveals that a series of 24 field trials took place off the coast of Portland and in Lyme Bay in the UK in 1975. Each field trial involved the spraying of massive bacterial aerosols from a converted Land Rover. Although the US and UK joined the UN Conventions on the prohibition of chemical and biological weapons, documents prove that their military programs have never ended.  US official lied in Brussels about the Pentagon biolaboratories  Robert Kadlec, Assistant Secretary at the US Department of Health, categorically denied the existence of an American bio-weapons program at a seminar on the threat of biological and chemical weapons. The event was organized by the European Parliament on 7th March in Brussels. Asked why the information about the US military bio-laboratories in 25 countries bordering on Russia, China and Iran (the Pentagons main rivals) is classified, Kadlec responded: They are not classified, they are openly available to anyone who wants to look at them.  How a journalist gets expelled from the European Parliament when asking the Assistant Secretary at the US Department of Health questions about the Pentagon bio laboratories around Russia, China and Iran. Posted by Dilyana Gaytandzhieva on Wednesday, March 7, 2018  Documents about the Pentagon offshore bio-laboratories prove him wrong though.  Porton Down is just one of the Pentagon-funded military laboratories in 25 countries across the world, where the US Army produces and tests man-made viruses, bacteria and toxins in direct violation of the UN convention. These US bio-laboratories are funded by the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) under a $ 2.1 billion military program Cooperative Biological Engagement Program (CBEP), and are located in former Soviet Union countries such as Georgia and Ukraine, the Middle East, South East Asia and Africa.  The Pentagon-funded military facilities are not under the direct control of the host state as the US military and civilian personnel is working under diplomatic cover. The local governments are prohibited from public disclosure of sensitive information about the foreign military program running on their own territory. Without being under the direct control of the host state, these Pentagon bio-laboratories put the health of the local population at risk and must be closed.) = 0
(The 9/11 terrorist attacks were covert operations carried out by Israeli agents to provoke the US into waging wars against Muslim nations and Israels adversaries, according to experts.  Kevin Barrett, author and 9/11 researcher from Madison, Wisconsin says: This was a false flag operation; elements of the US government protected it and the team that carried it out was primarily consisting of agents of Israel  He added that Saudi Arabia and Iran had nothing to do with it and that the Saudis were used to set up the hijacker patsies. This was an operation against the entire Muslim world  Press TV reports: The Twin Towers in New York City were destroyed by controlled demolitions and there is no concrete evidence that Muslims hijacked the aircrafts that crashed into the towers, said Barrett, a founding member of the Scientific Panel for the Investigation of 9/11.  On Friday, the Al Jazeera news network reported that Saudi Arabia is adding Iran to legal proceedings in the US over its alleged involvement in the September 11 attacks, citing court documents.  Lawyers representing Saudi Arabia in a lawsuit that alleges its connection to the attacks filed a tag-along action on Wednesday to consolidate litigation accusing Iran of also playing a role, the report said.) = 0
(The FBI have raided the home of Clinton Global initiative member Nancy Salzman for helping to run a child sex ring in New York.  Keith Raniere and Nancy Salzman, both leaders and founders of NXIVM, face federal charges of child sex trafficking and conspiracy to commit forced labor.  Timesunion.com reports: Raniere was shackled and dressed in a T-shirt, athletic shorts and sneakers  similar to the clothes he was wearing as he was arrested Sunday near Puerto Vallarta, Mexico  when he was brought before a U.S. magistrate on Tuesday afternoon in Fort Worth, Texas. Raniere declined to speak with reporters and said only, Yes, Your Honor, when he was asked by the judge if he understood his rights.  Assistant U.S. Attorney Moira Penza, who is leading the investigation for the U.S. attorneys office in Brooklyn, attended the brief proceeding but did not speak. Raniere was represented by a criminal defense attorney from Fort Worth, who told the judge that Raniere would waive his right to challenge his extradition from the Eastern District of New York.  Three people who appeared to be supporters of Ranieres attended the brief proceeding but declined to speak to reporters. Another man, who said he is from Mexico and had driven to Texas to attend the proceeding, said he was concerned but not worried about Ranieres arrest. He declined to give his name.  Raniere will remain in the custody of U.S. marshals without bond pending his return to New York. A warrant for his arrest was issued Feb. 14, after federal prosecutors filed a sealed complaint in Brooklyn charging Raniere with several felony counts.  The extraordinary arrest of Raniere marks the downfall of the leader of an international self-help organization that has been headquartered in the Capital Region for roughly two decades. Some experts have described NXIVM as a cult, and the criminal prosecution of Raniere has forced the secretive man who calls himself Vanguard out of the shadows and under the spotlight of an ongoing federal criminal investigation.  The federal criminal complaint accuses Raniere of forming a group within NXIVM in which women said they were coerced into joining a slave-master club. The women, some of whom said they were pressured to have sex with Raniere, told federal authorities that a female doctor associated with NXIVM used a cauterizing iron to brand them with a design on their lower abdomen that contained the initials of Raniere and Allison Mack, an actress and NXIVM associate who is listed in the complaint as an unnamed co-conspirator.  Raniere was taken into custody by Mexican federal police who tracked him to a $10,000-a-week villa near Puerto Vallarta, where he was staying with several women, federal officials said.  In court filings, U.S. Justice Department officials said that Raniere fled to Mexico last November when the federal investigation began. They have asked for him to be detained without bond while the case is pending, describing him as a flight risk and danger to the community.  Federal authorities said Raniere has access to millions of dollars and private jets, and that he stopped using his mobile phone and began using encrypted email after he arrived in Mexico, which made him difficult to locate.  In the hours preceding Ranieres court appearance in Texas, FBI agents spent several hours combing through the Saratoga County residence of NXIVMs co-founder and president, Nancy Salzman.  The FBIs raid of Salzmans residence signaled a wider criminal investigation of the secretive organization than just the sex-trafficking allegations that led to the arrest this week of its longtime leader.  A former NXIVM associate, Kristen M. Keeffe, who defected from the organization several years ago, alleged in 2015 that large amounts of cash used to be stored in a safe at Salzmans residence.  The allegations made by Keeffe were contained in a transcript of a telephone conversation that took place in March 2015 between Keeffe and Barbara J. Bouchey, a former NXIVM executive board member who was facing computer trespassing charges at the time. Bouchey and three others were accused by NXIVM of of improperly accessing the corporations website, but the charges against Bouchey and two others were dismissed.  While Boucheys case was pending, her attorneys filed a copy of the transcript to buttress their argument that top NXIVM officials have used litigation, as well as the criminal case, to attack her and other perceived adversaries. Keeffe described many of those tactics during the lengthy conversation, and also provided allegations about Salzman.  Keeffe, who was part of Ranieres inner circle for many years, told Bouchey that money collected from people who took NXIVM training sessions in Mexico was funneled across the border into the United States. She claimed that Salzman, among others, would allegedly bring the cash over the border.  The money, which was allegedly funneled through the bank account of a Mexican associate, was logged on the system as a scholarship and cash was kept in Nancys house, Keeffe said.  And the cash for a certain time period, I doubt its still there, was kept in a safe in Nancys house, Keeffe added during the recorded conversation. If Keith ever had to go into hiding it was Keiths off-the-grid fund. And the last time I heard about it, there was two and a half million dollars in it.  In a federal court filing this week, the Justice Department said that for the past 18 months Raniere had been using a credit card and bank account in the name of a former NXIVM associate and girlfriend, Pamela Cafritz, who died in November 2016. Federal prosecutors said the bank account holds about $8 million.  Salzman has been an influential figure in the organization since it was set up more than two decades ago. She also was involved in some of the medical research studies that were performed by a doctor associated with NXIVM, Brandon B. Porter.  On Sunday, the Times Union reported that New York Attorney General Eric Schneidermans office is conducting a separate investigation of a nonprofit foundation associated with NXIVM that allegedly sponsored brain-activity and other human behavioral studies without any apparent oversight, according to court records.  The nonprofit Ethical Science Foundation was formed in 2007 by Clare E. Bronfman, who owns a horse farm in Delanson and is listed in public records as the trustee and donor of the foundation.  At the request of the attorney generals office, a state Supreme Court justice recently signed an order directing Bronfman and Porter, who is involved with NXIVM and conducted the human studies, to turn over all documentation associated with the research, including any written communications, videos, conclusions, consent forms and the names and addresses of individuals associated with Ethical Science Foundation who participated in any manner with the studies.  A Vancouver woman, Jennifer Kobelt, said in a complaint filed with the state Health Department last year that a bizarre experiment she was subjected to by Porter took place in a small commercial building in Halfmoon that has been used for years by NXIVM for training and seminars.  Kobelt said she was recruited for the study by an assistant of Salzman and that she knew of at least four other women who took part.) = 0
(Brave Vladimir Putin has told senior staff and associates that Queen Elizabeth II is not human but is a reptilian that shapeshifts between human and reptile form and according to sources close to the President he has witnessed her shapeshift in the flesh, before his very eyes, and in his opinion, as a warning to him personally.  Putin met the Queen at the 70th anniversary of the D Day landings in Normandy, France in 2014. He was widely criticised by the Western media for failing to help the monarch up the stairs, and keeping his distance from her in general.  It has now emerged that Putin stayed as far away from the Queen as possible because he witnessed her shapeshift moments earlier.  The Queen has a long reptile face, almost like a beak, and she is a sickly grey dish water color.  She shifted between this form and her human state three or four times while greeting Putin. He also saw her shapeshift later while she was being helped to her position for the world leaders photo op by Barack Obama and New Zealands Governer General Jerry Mateparae.  Her hands turned into reptile hands while they helped her up the stairs. When she smiled her teeth changed into sharp reptile teeth and glistened.  Putin has told senior staff and close associates that he believes she shapeshifted while greeting him as a show of strength and a warning not to mess with the dominant reptilian-Illuminati bloodline of which she is a high priestess.  Putins first hand experiences with the reptilian-Illuminati chime with my own research and second hand accounts. I have dedicated the last five years to researching the elusive, tyrannical powers that rule our world, travelling to over 80 countries, and it never ceases to amaze me how many people from very different walks of life have told me stories about seeing people briefly turn into reptilians before their very eyes.  Ive been told this by Californian news anchors, Ethiopian goatherds, and Australian Aboriginals, just to name a few. A Danish taxi driver described driving past a group of VIP guests at the 2014 Bilderberg meeting in Copenhagen and seeing some of their faces turn reptilian and some of their hands and feet take on a reptilian look.  In Peru a respected psychic told me she sees people in power, like Obama, David Cameron and Hillary Clinton, turn into reptiles whenever she watches an international news channel.  The worlds ruling class have tyrannical control over the mainstream media, as well as our food, water, and air supply, and they are actively dumbing down the masses. The evidence against them, ancient and modern, is enormous and continuing to grow.) = 0
(A 23-year-old man from Madhya Pradesh presumed dead after a snake bite, woke up at his own funeral pyre moments before being consumed by fire, only to be declared dead again later on.  The Mirror reports:  The 23-year-old man, named as Sandeep, was attacked while collecting wood from the forest.  When he arrived back in his village in the Raisen district of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, he told his family about the snake bite.  Instead of taking Sandeep to a hospital, they brought him to a traditional tantric practitioner in a nearby village.  But the tantrics treatment proved ineffective and it was assumed the young man had passed away.  Villagers were left baffled at what to do because some in India claim that those who die of snake bites should be buried rather than burned.  In the end it was decided that his body was to be taken to the local cemetery where a funeral pyre was prepared.  But when the fire almost reached the body of Sandeep, the young man started to shout and people realised he was still alive.  Sandeep was taken to the same tantric practitioner instead of a hospital after he regained consciousness.  But again his life could not be saved, and the tantric declared Sandeep dead for the second time. He was taken to the district hospital where a post-mortem examination took place.  In India, many superstitious beliefs and practices still occur  which could be why the victim was not taken to hospital.) = 0
(Strange sky noises were reported in the town of Schwabing, Germany last week, causing panic amongst residents who described the sounds as loud as a helicopter.  According to one resident, the noise was so that loud I telephoned my neighbors, we did not know what it was .  Tz.de reports:  He was searching the Internet for possible clues. And found it. Someone had created a video on You Tube and posted it online. It gave exactly the strange noise and showed a cloud  the cloud is however only seen with a lot of imagination.  The video has 4,372 views already, including comments like: War in Schwabing and have heard the same noise this Thursday! What the hell is that ??  The Munich police are quite amused by the attention the video has been given, but they cannot explain the matter.  On May 12 at 8pm there was no police intervention in the area with helicopters. The helicopter squadron are quite sure that it is not a helicopter at the sound.  There are always mysterious noises. In Steinhring Ebersberger people are suffering from an ominous hum.) = 0
(A 23-year-old man from Madhya Pradesh presumed dead after a snake bite, woke up at his own funeral pyre moments before being consumed by fire, only to be declared dead again later on.  The Mirror reports:  The 23-year-old man, named as Sandeep, was attacked while collecting wood from the forest.  When he arrived back in his village in the Raisen district of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, he told his family about the snake bite.  Instead of taking Sandeep to a hospital, they brought him to a traditional tantric practitioner in a nearby village.  But the tantrics treatment proved ineffective and it was assumed the young man had passed away.  Villagers were left baffled at what to do because some in India claim that those who die of snake bites should be buried rather than burned.  In the end it was decided that his body was to be taken to the local cemetery where a funeral pyre was prepared.  But when the fire almost reached the body of Sandeep, the young man started to shout and people realised he was still alive.  Sandeep was taken to the same tantric practitioner instead of a hospital after he regained consciousness.  But again his life could not be saved, and the tantric declared Sandeep dead for the second time. He was taken to the district hospital where a post-mortem examination took place.  In India, many superstitious beliefs and practices still occur  which could be why the victim was not taken to hospital.) = 0
(A 14-year-old student has been arrested and charged for allegedly stealing a carton of milk that he was entitled to have under a free lunch program.  Ryan Turk forgot to grab his drink when queuing for food at the Graham Middle School cafeteria on May 10.  The Virginia teenager then went back and helped himself to a $0.65 carton of milk, for which he now faces prosecution.  The Free Thought Project reports:  Ryans forgetful moment turned into an unforgettable lesson in government gone awry.  A school resource officer saw the teen cutting in line and assumed hed stolen the milk  and accused him of concealing the carton. In defiance, the teen threw the carton back. When Ryan refused the officers orders to see the principle, and remained uncooperative, he was arrested, cuffed, and charged with disorderly conduct and petit larceny.  Over a 65-cent carton of  free lunch program  milk. In a middle school cafeteria. In 2016. Have we really come to this?  Ryan, who insists he did nothing wrong, refused an offer of punishment not involving the court system, and, defying all rationality, now has a court date for November set by a Prince William County judge last week, the Washington Post reported  just days after he turns 15.  Shamise Turk, the teens mother, also asserts her son did nothing wrong by grabbing the milk carton since it should have been included with the free lunch.  Emmett Robinson, an attorney representing the family, says this is a case of targeting and racial discrimination  and that Ryan, who is black, refused to obey the school resource officer because hed done nothing wrong.  No one needs to be punished for stealing a 65-cent carton of milk, Robinson told the Post. This officer treats kids like theyre criminals, and guess what happens  theyre going to become criminals.  Ryan had not been in trouble prior to this arrest.  As the Post points out, a legitimate case for targeting students by race can certainly be made, because, for one, Studies show that black students are subject to more frequent  and harsher  discipline than their peers and that there are biases against them that begin as early as prekindergarten classes.  But the school vehemently disputes the allegations Ryan was targeted because he is black  or that the 65-cent milk carton incident had anything to do with race. Prince William County schools noted both the officer who arrested the teen and the principal of the school are black.  All the key parties involved, including the principal and the police officer, are African American, Prince William County schools spokesman Phil Kavits said in a statement quoted by the Post. The staff members are well known in our highly diverse community for their dedication and caring approach to all students.  Kavits did not elaborate on how, exactly, that caring approach applied in the case of not only arresting, but prosecuting a 14-year-old over a 65-cent carton of milk  even if Ryan had actually stolen it.  Robinson argues racial discrimination isnt necessarily guided by the source  and the race of those involved isnt exclusive of racial profiling. Police forces, such as school resource officers, often have histories of or have faced allegations of racial profiling and discrimination.  Its not the players, its not the people who discriminate; its the whole system, the attorney told the Post. The system is set up now so that school resource officers get to determine the impact on a persons life.  Case-in-point, the disorderly conduct portion of charges Ryan faces were derived from behavior one would expect from a young teenager accused of something he did not do. However, on paper, particularly should he be convicted, disorderly conduct could be interpreted quite negatively in possible future interactions with police.  Prince William Police spokesperson Sgt. Jonathan Perok told the Post that as the officer escorted Ryan to the principals office, he leaned back and pushed against the officer, and when they neared the principal, he attempted to push past the officer to get away.  Worse, the familys account of events contradicts that of the school and police.  Shamise Turk works for the school district and has seen surveillance footage of the incident  and says her son absolutely did not conceal the carton of milk. Ryan explained, according to the Post, he had returned to his seat in the cafeteria when the officer confronted him and went to put it back  but the cop told him to take it with him to see the principal, and then grabbed his neck.  Its just unfair, Ryan told the outlet. Other people did that. One boy, I told him to get one for me before. But when I do, I get in trouble.  The family reiterated they declined to resolve the incident through a nonjudicial diversion program because the middle-schooler is innocent of any wrongdoing.  My son is not going to admit to something he did not do, Shamise asserted.  Innocent or not, the absurdity of prosecuting a 14-year-old for stealing a carton of milk likely not even worth its 65-cent price tag cannot be emphasized sufficiently. Not only are the Turks in a financial situation deeming Ryan worthy of receiving the countys free lunch program, now taxpayers will foot the bill for his criminal prosecution.  Minors charged with misdemeanor crimes arent ordinarily named by the Washington Post, but Ryan and his family wanted to call attention to this case.  In short, no one wins  but at least the world can witness in a direct example the authoritarian shift taking place before our eyes.) = 0
(Two people who were connected to the Flint water company investigation were both found dead in the space of a week this month.  Water Treatment Plant Foreman, Matthew McFarland, and the woman leading the lead poisoning suit, Sasha Avonna Bell, were found dead within days of each other.  Vigilantcitizen.com reports:  The Flint water crisis began exactly two years ago, on April 2014, when Flint changed its water source from treated Detroit Water and Sewerage Department water to the Flint River  to which officials had failed to apply corrosion inhibitors. Almost immediately, Flint residents complained about the waters color, taste and odor. In the following months, numerous water issues arose, with little to no governmental action to fix them.  August and September 2014 boil-water advisories were issued by the city due to coliform bacteria detection  On August 21, 2014 test showed the citys water tested high for THMs, a chlorine byproduct of disinfecting water, with which long term exposure has been linked to cancer and other diseases.  Though the city stated that the water was safe, the employees of the Flint Public Library declared the water undrinkable after noticing that the water from the faucets and toilets was discolored.  On March 2, 2016, it was reported that the state of Michigan blocked Flint from returning to Lake Huron water from the Detroit water system when it agreed to grant the city an emergency loan of $7 million in April 2015  It was discovered that the high levels of lead were due to orthophosphate being omitted from the water treatment process, while using a pH of 7.4 and that the orange water was due to the high concentration of chloride in the Flint River water, which caused excessive corrosion of the cast iron mains pipes.  Far from taking decisive action, governments denied that the water was toxic.  While the local outcry about Flint water quality was growing in early 2015, Flint water officials filed papers with state regulators purporting to show that tests at Flints water treatment plant had detected no lead and testing in homes had registered lead at acceptable levels. The documents falsely claimed that the city had tested tap water from homes with lead service lines, and therefore the highest lead-poisoning risks; in reality; the city does not know the locations of lead service lines, which city officials acknowledged in November 2015 after the Flint Journal/MLive published an article revealing the practice after obtaining documents through the Michigan Freedom of Information Act.   Robin Erb, Flint doctor makes state see light about lead in water  The net result is that over 10,000 children (mostly Black) were exposed to water contaminated with lead. Lead poisoning has devastating effects on the brain:  Childhood lead exposure causes a reduction in intellectual functioning and IQ, academic performance, and problem-solving skills, and an increased risk of attention deficit disorder, aggression, and hyperactivity. According to studies, children with elevated levels of lead in the blood are more likely as adults to commit crimes, be imprisoned, be unemployed or underemployed, or be dependent on government services.   Julie Mack, Lead levels elevated for thousands of Michigan children outside of Flint  A massive investigation is now underway and lawsuits are being filed. And things are turning uglier.  Cover Up  Now that the federal government opened an investigation on the issue, news emerging from Flint are downright sordid.  First, in March, important documents went missing, the police openly admits that it was an inside job, and that the crime will most likely remain unresolved.  Days before the federal government opened an investigation into the Flint water crisis, someone broke into a vacant City Hall office full of documents related to the embattled Michigan citys water system.  Nearly three months later, officials have confirmed that a TV went missing, but little else is known, according to the Flint Journal.  Without suspects or a firm handle on what else may have been swiped, authorities told the paper last week that the crime may remain unsolved.  No warrants have been issued in the case, but officials dont shy away from speculative statements that stop just short of conspiracy theories.  It was definitely an inside job, police chief Tim Johnson told the Journal. The power cord (to the TV) wasnt even taken. The average drug user knows that youd need the power cord to be able to pawn it.  It was somebody that had knowledge of those documents that really wanted to keep them out of the right hands, out of the hands of someone who was going to tell the real story of whats going on with Flint water.  Days before the federal government opened an investigation into the Flint water crisis, someone broke into a vacant City Hall office full of documents related to the embattled Michigan citys water system.   Washington Post, The mystery surrounding missing water files at Flint City Hall: It was definitely an inside job  On April 16th, Water Treatment Plant Foreman Matthew McFarland (who had been interviewed regarding the water crisis) was found dead at the young age of 43. Cause of death? Unknown.  Already reeling from the news of criminal charges against one of its workers in the wake of the Flint water crisis, city workers are now dealing with the sudden death of a foreman at the plant.  Water Treatment Plant Foreman Matthew McFarland, 43, of Otter Lake died suddenly on on Saturday, April 16, according to his obituary.  The Lapeer County Sheriffs Department said a friend found McFarland unresponsive at a home in Otter Lake. There were no signs of foul play.  An autopsy did not determine a cause of death and police are awaiting toxicology reports. The investigation remains open.  My thoughts and prayers go out to Matts co-workers, his family and especially his children, said Flint Mayor Karen Weaver. He worked for the City of Flint for more than 18 years and we thank him for his devotion and service.  We all have been brought together by this water crisis and we are all mourning his death, Weaver said in a statement. In lieu of flowers, the family has expressed they would appreciate donations to establish a fund for (his children) Vance and Ellas college expenses.  McFarlands death comes as Flints water plant deals with news that Flint Utilities Manager Michael Glasgow is one of three men facing criminal charges in connection with the citys water crisis.  Glasgow is accused of tampering with evidence when he allegedly changed testing results to show there was less lead in city water than there actually was. He is also charged with willful neglect of office.  Michigan Department of Environmental Quality employees Stephen Busch and Michael Prysby are charged with misconduct in office, conspiracy to tamper with evidence, tampering with evidence and violations of the Michigan Safe Drinking Water Act.  Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuettes office confirmed that McFarland was previously interviewed as part of its ongoing investigation into the citys water crisis.   mlive, Flint water plant continues to reel with sudden death of foreman  A few days later, a 19-year old woman leading the Flint water crisis lawsuit was found shot dead in her home. A culprit was arrested. Was he a patsy?  A woman at the center of a bellwether Flint water crisis lawsuit was one of two women who were shot to death inside a townhouse earlier this week.  Sasha Avonna Bell was one of the first of a growing number of people to file a lawsuit in connection to the Flint water crisis after she claimed that her child had been lead poisoned.  Bell was found dead April 19 in the 2600 block of Ridgecrest Drive at the Ridgecrest Village Townhouses. Sacorya Renee Reed was also found shot to death in the home.  An unharmed 1-year-old child was also found inside of the Ridgecrest home when Bells body was discovered and was taken into custody by child protective services. Police declined to confirm if it was Bells child discovered in the home.  Sasha was a lovely young woman who cared deeply for her family, and especially for her young child, said her attorney Corey M. Stern. Her tragic and senseless death has created a void in the lives of so many people that loved her. Hopefully, her child will be lifted up by the love and support from everyone who cared deeply for Sasha.  Bells case was one of 64 lawsuits filed on behalf of 144 children by Sterns firm, New York-based Levy Konigsberg, and Flint-based Robinson Carter & Crawford.  The lawsuit named six companies that had various responsibilities with respect to the treatment, monitoring, and safety of the Flint water prior to and during the Flint water crisis, according to her attorneys. The case also named three individual government, or former government, employees who played significant roles in the alleged misconduct that led to the alleged poisoning of thousands of children in Flint, her attorneys claim.  The Bell case, however, played an important role in determining the future of the more than five dozen other lawsuits that were filed.   mlive, Woman in leading Flint water crisis lawsuit slain in twin killing  Everything about this story is revolting and dirty facts are emerging from everywhere. However, mass media largely ignores this story. Those that do are flooded with comments about tin foil hats and conspiracy nutters. It is as if shills are paid kill that story online  or maybe that poisonous lead has already done its debilitating, mind-numbing job.) = 0
(The UN Security Council held an emergency meeting over the Israeli militarys massacre of over a dozen Palestinians during an anti-occupation mass rally in Gaza. The UN chief has called for an investigation into the []) = 0
(K-Pop star Jonghyun warned of satanic executives running the music industry, shortly before he was found dead in a hotel last December.  Jonghyun, the lead singer of K-Pop group SHINee, sent a series of troubling texts to his sister shortly before his death.  Vigilantcitizen.com reports: According to local reports, Jonghyuns final message to his sister was: Its been too hard. Please send me off. Tell everyone Ive had a hard time. This is my last goodbye.  Investigators found coal briquettes burnt in a frying pan inside Kims apartment, leading them to believe that he died from carbon monoxide intoxication.  Jonghyun was a prominent figure in K-Pop. He was the lead singer of the popular group SHINee (who were dubbed the princes of K-Pop) for over a decade. Jonghyun then launched a solo career in 2015 and published a book entitled Skeleton Flower. Kims last public appearance was at his solo concert named Inspired on Dec. 10 in Seoul.  In 2010, Ive published an article about SHINees video Lucifer which indicated that K-Pop was infiltrated by the agenda of the occult elite. The song described the singers being under the spell of Lucifer. A line from the song aptly described the fate of K-Pop stars stuck in an oppressive industry:  I feel like Ive become a clown trapped in a glass castle.  Jonghyun was signed with SM Entertainment, a Korean company that was often accused of abusing and exploiting K-Pop artists . SM Entertainment released a statement saying:  This is SM Entertainment. We are sorry to be the bearer of such tragic, heartbreaking news. On December 18th, SHINees Jonghyun left us very suddenly. He was discovered unconscious at a residence in Cheongdam-dong, Seoul and was rushed to a nearby hospital but was pronounced dead. Our sadness cannot compare to the pain of his family, who had to say goodbye to a son and a brother, but we have spent a long time with him, and the SHINee members along with the SM Entertainment staff are all in deep mourning and shock. Jonghyun loved music more than anybody else and he was an artist who did everything to perform his absolute best on stage.  It breaks our heart to have to bring this news to fans who loved Jonghyun so much. Please refrain from reporting on rumours and guesswork so the family of the deceased can honour him in peace. As per the wish of the family, the funeral will be held quietly with his relatives and company colleagues.  Metro, Jonghyuns talent agency releases emotional statement as SHINee star dies aged 27  Jonghyun is one of several South Korean stars who took their lives at a young age. In 2009, actress Jang Ja-Yeon killed herself by hanging. She left a suicide note explaining how she was beaten and forced to entertain and have sex with several program directors, CEOs and media executives. Several other celebrities committed suicide including singer and actor Park Yong Ha, model Daul Kim and actress Jeong Da Bin.  Jonghyuns death at age 27 makes him the latest addition to the infamous 27 Club, the group of late singers who died at the young age of 27. The 27 Club includes Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison, Kurt Cobain and Amy Winehouse. Nearly every one of them died in bizarre circumstances.  The Final Letter  Nine9 posted Kims final letter where he explains, in sometimes enigmatic words, his dark mental state. In the letter, Kim sometimes appears to address a specific person, even blaming them for his depression. Who is that person?  Im broken on the inside.  The depression that slowly gnawed away at me eventually devoured me.  I couldnt overcome it.  I hated myself. I resolved to hold on to memories and shouted at myself to come to my senses, but there was no answer.  If there is no way to relieve stifling breath, its better to just stop.  I asked who can be responsible for me.  Its only you.  I was utterly alone.  Its easy to say youre going to end things.  Its hard to actually end things.  I lived with that difficulty this whole time.  You told me that I wanted to escape.  Thats right. I wanted to escape.  From me.  From you.  You asked who is over there. I said it was me. I said it was me again. And I said it was me again.  I asked why I keep forgetting my memories. You told me it was because of my personality. I see. I see that everything is my fault in the end.  I hoped that people would notice but nobody knew. You never met me so of course you would not know I was there.  You asked why I live. Just because. Just because. Everyone just lives just because.  If you ask why people die, they would probably say its because theyre exhausted.  I suffered and agonized about it. I never learned how to turn this pain into happiness.  Pain is just pain.  I tried to push myself past it.  Why? Why am I keeping myself from putting an end to it all?  I was told to search for the reason why it hurts.  I know all too well. Im hurting because of me. Its all my fault, because I was born this way.  Doctor, is this what you wanted to hear?  No. I didnt do anything wrong.  When you told me in that calm voice that its because of my personality, I thought how easy it must be to be a doctor.  Its almost fascinating, that it hurts this much. People that have it harder than me seem to get along just fine. People weaker than me get along just fine. But that must not be true. Among the people in this world, no one has it harder than me, and no one is weaker than me.  But I still tried to live.  I asked myself why I had to do so hundreds of times, and it was never for me. It was for you.  I wanted to do something for me.  Please stop telling me things you dont understand.  You tell me to figure out why Im having a hard time. I told you several times why. Am I not allowed to be this sad just for those reasons? Does it have to be more specific and dramatic? Do I need to have better reasons?  I already told you. Were you even listening? Things you can overcome dont remain as scars.  I guess I was not meant to confront the world.  I guess I was not meant to lead a life in the public eye.  Thats why it was hard. Confronting the world, and being in the public eye. Why did I make those decisions. Its ridiculous.  Its great that I even made it this far.  What more can I say. Just tell me I did well.  Tell me I did well enough and that I went through a lot.  Even if you cant smile while sending me off, dont say its my fault.  You did well.  You really went through a lot.  Goodbye.) = 0
(The US government has admitted that Lyme disease is actually a bioweapon that was designed by the military to use against enemy combatants during war. The Lyme disease epidemic is routinely misdiagnosed as everything from []) = 0
(LAPD have launched an investigation into the attempted murder of Corey Feldman who was stabbed by three men in Los Angeles on Tuesday night.  Following the actors recent attempt to expose a vast Hollywood pedophile ring, the actor was stabbed by three men while in his car. Feldman confirmed that the attempt on his life was related to his ongoing efforts to name and shame Hollywoods elite pedophiles.  IM IN THE HOSPITAL! I WAS ATTACKED 2NITE! A MAN OPENED MY CAR DOOR & STABBED ME W SOMETHING! PLEASE SAY PRAYERS 4 US!  THANK GOD IT WAS ONLY MYSELF & MY SECURITY IN THE CAR, WHEN 3 MEN APPROACHED! WHILE SECURITY WAS DISTRACTED, W A GUY A CAR PULLED UP & ATTACKED! IM OK! pic.twitter.com/TZ0ppZeEWN  Corey Feldman (@Corey_Feldman) March 28, 2018  @LAPD R CURRENTLY INVESTIGATING THE CASE AS AN ATTEMPTED HOMICIDE! I HAVE HAD MOUNTING THREATS ON ALL SM PLATFORMS BY THIS VILE WOLFPACK & THIS IM SURE IS A RESULT OF THOSE NEGATIVE ACTIONS! I HAVE REASON 2 BELIEVE ITS ALL CONNECTED! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! HOW SICK R THESE PPL?!?  Corey Feldman (@Corey_Feldman) March 28, 2018  TMZ reports: Corey says he was stopped at a traffic light Tuesday night in L.A.s San Fernando Valley  with a security guard  when 3 men approached the car.  He says while his security was distracted by the 3 guys, a car pulled up and another attacker jumped out, stabbed him and fled the scene.  Corey rushed to a hospital after the attack, and thats when LAPD was informed of the attack. Cops are now investigating, but Corey thinks he knows whos responsible.  He says hes been getting online threats from some group of people he refers to as the Wolfpack. Corey adds, I have reason to believe its all connected! Enough is enough!) = 0
(The US has begun building a large military base in an oil rich province of Syria according to reports.  A high-ranking representative of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), told Sputnik News that the construction of a major military installation is underway in the Deir Ez-Zor province, close to Syrias largest oil deposit.  Press TV reports: According to Mehdi Kobani, the SDFs press secretary in Dayr al-Zawr, major military installations are underway in the vicinity of al-Omar oilfield the biggest oil deposit in Syria.  The US is building a large military base in the oil-rich al-Omar region of Dayr al-Zawr province. Due to security concerns we cannot provide information about the acreage of this new installation. There is currently construction machinery working in the vicinity of the base, and security is being provided by SDF forces, he said.  Local media outlets had earlier shown US military helicopters operating in the area.  The US and its allies have been running a military campaign against purported terrorist targets in Syria since September 2014 without a mandate from the UN or Damascus, while backing militants fighting to topple the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.) = 0
(K-Pop star Jonghyun warned of satanic executives running the music industry, shortly before he was found dead in a hotel last December.  Jonghyun, the lead singer of K-Pop group SHINee, sent a series of troubling texts to his sister shortly before his death.  Vigilantcitizen.com reports: According to local reports, Jonghyuns final message to his sister was: Its been too hard. Please send me off. Tell everyone Ive had a hard time. This is my last goodbye.  Investigators found coal briquettes burnt in a frying pan inside Kims apartment, leading them to believe that he died from carbon monoxide intoxication.  Jonghyun was a prominent figure in K-Pop. He was the lead singer of the popular group SHINee (who were dubbed the princes of K-Pop) for over a decade. Jonghyun then launched a solo career in 2015 and published a book entitled Skeleton Flower. Kims last public appearance was at his solo concert named Inspired on Dec. 10 in Seoul.  In 2010, Ive published an article about SHINees video Lucifer which indicated that K-Pop was infiltrated by the agenda of the occult elite. The song described the singers being under the spell of Lucifer. A line from the song aptly described the fate of K-Pop stars stuck in an oppressive industry:  I feel like Ive become a clown trapped in a glass castle.  Jonghyun was signed with SM Entertainment, a Korean company that was often accused of abusing and exploiting K-Pop artists . SM Entertainment released a statement saying:  This is SM Entertainment. We are sorry to be the bearer of such tragic, heartbreaking news. On December 18th, SHINees Jonghyun left us very suddenly. He was discovered unconscious at a residence in Cheongdam-dong, Seoul and was rushed to a nearby hospital but was pronounced dead. Our sadness cannot compare to the pain of his family, who had to say goodbye to a son and a brother, but we have spent a long time with him, and the SHINee members along with the SM Entertainment staff are all in deep mourning and shock. Jonghyun loved music more than anybody else and he was an artist who did everything to perform his absolute best on stage.  It breaks our heart to have to bring this news to fans who loved Jonghyun so much. Please refrain from reporting on rumours and guesswork so the family of the deceased can honour him in peace. As per the wish of the family, the funeral will be held quietly with his relatives and company colleagues.  Metro, Jonghyuns talent agency releases emotional statement as SHINee star dies aged 27  Jonghyun is one of several South Korean stars who took their lives at a young age. In 2009, actress Jang Ja-Yeon killed herself by hanging. She left a suicide note explaining how she was beaten and forced to entertain and have sex with several program directors, CEOs and media executives. Several other celebrities committed suicide including singer and actor Park Yong Ha, model Daul Kim and actress Jeong Da Bin.  Jonghyuns death at age 27 makes him the latest addition to the infamous 27 Club, the group of late singers who died at the young age of 27. The 27 Club includes Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison, Kurt Cobain and Amy Winehouse. Nearly every one of them died in bizarre circumstances.  The Final Letter  Nine9 posted Kims final letter where he explains, in sometimes enigmatic words, his dark mental state. In the letter, Kim sometimes appears to address a specific person, even blaming them for his depression. Who is that person?  Im broken on the inside.  The depression that slowly gnawed away at me eventually devoured me.  I couldnt overcome it.  I hated myself. I resolved to hold on to memories and shouted at myself to come to my senses, but there was no answer.  If there is no way to relieve stifling breath, its better to just stop.  I asked who can be responsible for me.  Its only you.  I was utterly alone.  Its easy to say youre going to end things.  Its hard to actually end things.  I lived with that difficulty this whole time.  You told me that I wanted to escape.  Thats right. I wanted to escape.  From me.  From you.  You asked who is over there. I said it was me. I said it was me again. And I said it was me again.  I asked why I keep forgetting my memories. You told me it was because of my personality. I see. I see that everything is my fault in the end.  I hoped that people would notice but nobody knew. You never met me so of course you would not know I was there.  You asked why I live. Just because. Just because. Everyone just lives just because.  If you ask why people die, they would probably say its because theyre exhausted.  I suffered and agonized about it. I never learned how to turn this pain into happiness.  Pain is just pain.  I tried to push myself past it.  Why? Why am I keeping myself from putting an end to it all?  I was told to search for the reason why it hurts.  I know all too well. Im hurting because of me. Its all my fault, because I was born this way.  Doctor, is this what you wanted to hear?  No. I didnt do anything wrong.  When you told me in that calm voice that its because of my personality, I thought how easy it must be to be a doctor.  Its almost fascinating, that it hurts this much. People that have it harder than me seem to get along just fine. People weaker than me get along just fine. But that must not be true. Among the people in this world, no one has it harder than me, and no one is weaker than me.  But I still tried to live.  I asked myself why I had to do so hundreds of times, and it was never for me. It was for you.  I wanted to do something for me.  Please stop telling me things you dont understand.  You tell me to figure out why Im having a hard time. I told you several times why. Am I not allowed to be this sad just for those reasons? Does it have to be more specific and dramatic? Do I need to have better reasons?  I already told you. Were you even listening? Things you can overcome dont remain as scars.  I guess I was not meant to confront the world.  I guess I was not meant to lead a life in the public eye.  Thats why it was hard. Confronting the world, and being in the public eye. Why did I make those decisions. Its ridiculous.  Its great that I even made it this far.  What more can I say. Just tell me I did well.  Tell me I did well enough and that I went through a lot.  Even if you cant smile while sending me off, dont say its my fault.  You did well.  You really went through a lot.  Goodbye.) = 0
(Brave Vladimir Putin is standing up to the US government again: he is said to have demanded that Western government forces stop spraying chemtrails in Syria.  How closely Russian military forces worked with Western forces is an operational detail that hasnt been fully divulged and remains beyond top secret on both sides, but according to a Federal Security Services (FSB) report and strong sources in the Kremlin the contact was close enough for Russian military top brass to learn of Western tactics and standard operating procedures, and they have passed on the intelligence to the Kremlin.  President Putin, who is fundamentally opposed to herbicidal warfare, is said to be deeply disturbed and furious.  As I understand it, the Americans are not interested in defeating ISIS but they are interested in controlling the minds of the Syrian population.  Chemtrails regularly remained in north-Western Syrian skies for whole days during American-led airstrikes on Khorasan and al-Nusra, according to the FSB report, transforming into cirrus-like clouds in the evenings. It is said no civilian casualties have died from chemical deployment, but chemtrails are not about death, they are about psychological and physical control.  Crop destruction and attempts to control the weather are anathema to President Putin. He is a strong supporter of the Environmental Modification Convention which bans any technique for changing the composition or structure of the Earths biota.  American and British military forces have been openly ignoring these international laws for decades. During the Vietnam War the US used herbicidal and incendiary agents like napalm, arguing they fell outside the definition of chemical weapons, and used planes to spray 10% of the total land surface of south Vietnam. 85% of spraying was for defoliation and about 15% was for crop destruction.  And in 2016 they are continuing to spray civilian populations in an attempt to control them, alter the structure of the Earths biota, and weaponise the weather. Putin is deeply opposed to this. He considers weather manipulation to be a dangerous game that has disastrous consequences.  Putins childhood might explain his understanding that nature must be respected and cultivated, not manipulated and weaponised.  After the Siege of Leningrad, which almost killed his mother, his family was forced to move into a rat-infested communal building. Putin spent hours chasing rodents in the staircase. He developed a respiratory disease. Four adults, plus Putin and his brother, were squeezed into a single 20 square foot room with no hot water, bath, or toilet. He overcame these dire conditions by embracing his studies as well as judo, karate, and sambo, a Russian martial art that requires intense balance between mind and body. The Russian President understands the need for a healthy, disciplined lifestyle.) = 0
(The FBI have raided the home of Clinton Global initiative member Nancy Salzman for helping to run a child sex ring in New York.  Keith Raniere and Nancy Salzman, both leaders and founders of NXIVM, face federal charges of child sex trafficking and conspiracy to commit forced labor.  Timesunion.com reports: Raniere was shackled and dressed in a T-shirt, athletic shorts and sneakers  similar to the clothes he was wearing as he was arrested Sunday near Puerto Vallarta, Mexico  when he was brought before a U.S. magistrate on Tuesday afternoon in Fort Worth, Texas. Raniere declined to speak with reporters and said only, Yes, Your Honor, when he was asked by the judge if he understood his rights.  Assistant U.S. Attorney Moira Penza, who is leading the investigation for the U.S. attorneys office in Brooklyn, attended the brief proceeding but did not speak. Raniere was represented by a criminal defense attorney from Fort Worth, who told the judge that Raniere would waive his right to challenge his extradition from the Eastern District of New York.  Three people who appeared to be supporters of Ranieres attended the brief proceeding but declined to speak to reporters. Another man, who said he is from Mexico and had driven to Texas to attend the proceeding, said he was concerned but not worried about Ranieres arrest. He declined to give his name.  Raniere will remain in the custody of U.S. marshals without bond pending his return to New York. A warrant for his arrest was issued Feb. 14, after federal prosecutors filed a sealed complaint in Brooklyn charging Raniere with several felony counts.  The extraordinary arrest of Raniere marks the downfall of the leader of an international self-help organization that has been headquartered in the Capital Region for roughly two decades. Some experts have described NXIVM as a cult, and the criminal prosecution of Raniere has forced the secretive man who calls himself Vanguard out of the shadows and under the spotlight of an ongoing federal criminal investigation.  The federal criminal complaint accuses Raniere of forming a group within NXIVM in which women said they were coerced into joining a slave-master club. The women, some of whom said they were pressured to have sex with Raniere, told federal authorities that a female doctor associated with NXIVM used a cauterizing iron to brand them with a design on their lower abdomen that contained the initials of Raniere and Allison Mack, an actress and NXIVM associate who is listed in the complaint as an unnamed co-conspirator.  Raniere was taken into custody by Mexican federal police who tracked him to a $10,000-a-week villa near Puerto Vallarta, where he was staying with several women, federal officials said.  In court filings, U.S. Justice Department officials said that Raniere fled to Mexico last November when the federal investigation began. They have asked for him to be detained without bond while the case is pending, describing him as a flight risk and danger to the community.  Federal authorities said Raniere has access to millions of dollars and private jets, and that he stopped using his mobile phone and began using encrypted email after he arrived in Mexico, which made him difficult to locate.  In the hours preceding Ranieres court appearance in Texas, FBI agents spent several hours combing through the Saratoga County residence of NXIVMs co-founder and president, Nancy Salzman.  The FBIs raid of Salzmans residence signaled a wider criminal investigation of the secretive organization than just the sex-trafficking allegations that led to the arrest this week of its longtime leader.  A former NXIVM associate, Kristen M. Keeffe, who defected from the organization several years ago, alleged in 2015 that large amounts of cash used to be stored in a safe at Salzmans residence.  The allegations made by Keeffe were contained in a transcript of a telephone conversation that took place in March 2015 between Keeffe and Barbara J. Bouchey, a former NXIVM executive board member who was facing computer trespassing charges at the time. Bouchey and three others were accused by NXIVM of of improperly accessing the corporations website, but the charges against Bouchey and two others were dismissed.  While Boucheys case was pending, her attorneys filed a copy of the transcript to buttress their argument that top NXIVM officials have used litigation, as well as the criminal case, to attack her and other perceived adversaries. Keeffe described many of those tactics during the lengthy conversation, and also provided allegations about Salzman.  Keeffe, who was part of Ranieres inner circle for many years, told Bouchey that money collected from people who took NXIVM training sessions in Mexico was funneled across the border into the United States. She claimed that Salzman, among others, would allegedly bring the cash over the border.  The money, which was allegedly funneled through the bank account of a Mexican associate, was logged on the system as a scholarship and cash was kept in Nancys house, Keeffe said.  And the cash for a certain time period, I doubt its still there, was kept in a safe in Nancys house, Keeffe added during the recorded conversation. If Keith ever had to go into hiding it was Keiths off-the-grid fund. And the last time I heard about it, there was two and a half million dollars in it.  In a federal court filing this week, the Justice Department said that for the past 18 months Raniere had been using a credit card and bank account in the name of a former NXIVM associate and girlfriend, Pamela Cafritz, who died in November 2016. Federal prosecutors said the bank account holds about $8 million.  Salzman has been an influential figure in the organization since it was set up more than two decades ago. She also was involved in some of the medical research studies that were performed by a doctor associated with NXIVM, Brandon B. Porter.  On Sunday, the Times Union reported that New York Attorney General Eric Schneidermans office is conducting a separate investigation of a nonprofit foundation associated with NXIVM that allegedly sponsored brain-activity and other human behavioral studies without any apparent oversight, according to court records.  The nonprofit Ethical Science Foundation was formed in 2007 by Clare E. Bronfman, who owns a horse farm in Delanson and is listed in public records as the trustee and donor of the foundation.  At the request of the attorney generals office, a state Supreme Court justice recently signed an order directing Bronfman and Porter, who is involved with NXIVM and conducted the human studies, to turn over all documentation associated with the research, including any written communications, videos, conclusions, consent forms and the names and addresses of individuals associated with Ethical Science Foundation who participated in any manner with the studies.  A Vancouver woman, Jennifer Kobelt, said in a complaint filed with the state Health Department last year that a bizarre experiment she was subjected to by Porter took place in a small commercial building in Halfmoon that has been used for years by NXIVM for training and seminars.  Kobelt said she was recruited for the study by an assistant of Salzman and that she knew of at least four other women who took part.) = 0
(Britain is getting ready to launch a propaganda war against Russia amid allegations that the Kremlin is spreading fake news about the poisoning of Sergei Skripal.  British spies will be tasked with identifying trolling social media platforms to clamp down on what the UK government deems to be misinformation.  Theresa May has instructed the intelligence services to use social media to disrupt misinformation as she promised to use every capability at our disposal to defeat the alleged new threat facing Britain.  RT reports: The new instructions are included in the Fusion Doctrine, unveiled as part of the National Security Capability Review, to be published on Wednesday. It seeks to tackle the perceived threat from Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS), Russia and North Korea.  Increased efforts to tackle fake news come amid security experts alleging, in the Telegraph, that Russia put out more than 20 stories trying to confuse the picture and the charge sheet over the poisoning of ex-double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia, in Salisbury earlier this month.  It follows reports of Britain sharing unprecedented levels of intelligence with countries in a bid to persuade them of Russias involvement in the Skripal attack. The material provided includes evidence from the chemical weapons facility at Porton Down, just outside the Wiltshire town. The information was cited as being key to 23 states and NATO expelling dozens of Russian diplomats. The UK usually only shares highly classified documents with fellow Five Eyes countries, namely the US, Australia, New Zealand and Canada.  Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn received widespread criticism after failing to squarely point the finger at Russia over the Skripal case in the aftermath of the poisoning. He requested that more evidence be made available and that the channels of international law be utilized before people make allegations against the Kremlin.  While expelling three diplomats from the Czech Republic, President Milos Zeman echoed such calls, saying: I want to see the facts. I will certainly welcome if the United Kingdom presents some evidence that the Russians wanted to kill the double agent Skripal, Blesk news outlet reported on Tuesday. Zeman has also ordered the Czech counter-intelligence services to investigate whether the A-234 nerve agent, also known as Novichok, could have been produced in his country.  Russia has vehemently denied any wrongdoing and has hit out at the UKs refusal to allow it to assess the agent. It has also criticized Britain for failing to disclose information relating to the case.) = 0
(LAPD have launched an investigation into the attempted murder of Corey Feldman who was stabbed by three men in Los Angeles on Tuesday night.  Following the actors recent attempt to expose a vast Hollywood pedophile ring, the actor was stabbed by three men while in his car. Feldman confirmed that the attempt on his life was related to his ongoing efforts to name and shame Hollywoods elite pedophiles.  IM IN THE HOSPITAL! I WAS ATTACKED 2NITE! A MAN OPENED MY CAR DOOR & STABBED ME W SOMETHING! PLEASE SAY PRAYERS 4 US!  THANK GOD IT WAS ONLY MYSELF & MY SECURITY IN THE CAR, WHEN 3 MEN APPROACHED! WHILE SECURITY WAS DISTRACTED, W A GUY A CAR PULLED UP & ATTACKED! IM OK! pic.twitter.com/TZ0ppZeEWN  Corey Feldman (@Corey_Feldman) March 28, 2018  @LAPD R CURRENTLY INVESTIGATING THE CASE AS AN ATTEMPTED HOMICIDE! I HAVE HAD MOUNTING THREATS ON ALL SM PLATFORMS BY THIS VILE WOLFPACK & THIS IM SURE IS A RESULT OF THOSE NEGATIVE ACTIONS! I HAVE REASON 2 BELIEVE ITS ALL CONNECTED! ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! HOW SICK R THESE PPL?!?  Corey Feldman (@Corey_Feldman) March 28, 2018  TMZ reports: Corey says he was stopped at a traffic light Tuesday night in L.A.s San Fernando Valley  with a security guard  when 3 men approached the car.  He says while his security was distracted by the 3 guys, a car pulled up and another attacker jumped out, stabbed him and fled the scene.  Corey rushed to a hospital after the attack, and thats when LAPD was informed of the attack. Cops are now investigating, but Corey thinks he knows whos responsible.  He says hes been getting online threats from some group of people he refers to as the Wolfpack. Corey adds, I have reason to believe its all connected! Enough is enough!) = 0
(The US has begun building a large military base in an oil rich province of Syria according to reports.  A high-ranking representative of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), told Sputnik News that the construction of a major military installation is underway in the Deir Ez-Zor province, close to Syrias largest oil deposit.  Press TV reports: According to Mehdi Kobani, the SDFs press secretary in Dayr al-Zawr, major military installations are underway in the vicinity of al-Omar oilfield the biggest oil deposit in Syria.  The US is building a large military base in the oil-rich al-Omar region of Dayr al-Zawr province. Due to security concerns we cannot provide information about the acreage of this new installation. There is currently construction machinery working in the vicinity of the base, and security is being provided by SDF forces, he said.  Local media outlets had earlier shown US military helicopters operating in the area.  The US and its allies have been running a military campaign against purported terrorist targets in Syria since September 2014 without a mandate from the UN or Damascus, while backing militants fighting to topple the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.) = 0
(The Pentagon spent over $70 million on military experiments involving deadly viruses and chemical agents at Porton Down  the UK military laboratory accused of secretly orchestrating the nerve agent attack in Salisbury.  The military research facility is located just 7 miles from where former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia were found slumped on a bench following alleged Novichok nerve agent poisoning on March 4th.  Southfront.org reports: Information obtained from the US federal contracts registry reveals that the Pentagons Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) has funded a number of military projects performed at the UK Defence Science and Technology Laboratory (DSTL), or Porton Down, over the last decade. Among them: experimental respiratory infection of non-human primates (marmosets) with Anthrax, Ebola virus, Marburg virus, Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus, Western equine encephalitis virus, and Eastern equine encephalitis virus. The US Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) has also funded experiments on animals which were exposed to chemical agents such as Sulfur Mustard and Phosgene gas. Phosgene gas was used as a chemical weapon during World War I where it was responsible for about 85 % of the 100,000 deaths caused by chemical weapons.  DTRA has also been granted full access to DSTL scientific and technical capabilities, and test data under a 2011 contract for the collaboration and exchange of scientific and technical capabilities with the UK Ministry of Defence.  At least 122,000 animals used for military chemical and biological experiments at Porton Down  Animal experiments are classified as confidential in the UK. Under section 24 of the Animals (Scientific Procedures) Act 1986, it is a criminal offence to disclose certain information about animal experiments in the UK.  Data obtained via the Freedom of Information Act though gives an idea of the dimensions of military chemical and biological experiments carried out at Porton Down. A total of 122,050 animals have been exposed to deadly pathogens, chemicals and incurable diseases over the last decade (2005-2016).  Animals used include mice, guinea pigs, rats, pigs, ferrets, sheep, and non-human primates. Some of the deadly experiments have been sponsored by the Pentagon under contracts between DSTL and DTRA. Scientists at Porton Down have infected, or poisoned, animals in order to measure time to death and lethal dose of exposure. In practice, the possible use of the researched virus/chemical gas as a weapon.  Ebola as bioweapon  12 Marmoset monkeys were experimentally infected with the Ebola virus, via aerosol, at Porton Down under a Pentagon-funded project  Experimental respiratory infection of marmosets with Ebola virus Kikwit (the Zaire strain of the Ebola virus which killed more than 245 people in Zaire, now Democratic Republic of Congo, in 1995). The project was part of a $6.3 million DTRA program running at Porton Down from 2012 to 2016  Development of common marmoset models for category A/B pathogens and product evaluation in marmosets.  The experiments stated goal was to measure the lethal dose of exposure and time to death meaning that the Ebola virus Kikwit was researched for its potential as a bioweapon. All infected marmoset monkeys died from 6 to 10 days after exposure to the Ebola virus.  The Pentagon also funded studies on the deadly Marburg virus: a $2.6 million project  Experimental respiratory Marburg virus haemorrhagic fever infection in the common marmoset, and another $1.4 million project  Marburg virus model development, which were undertaken at Porton Down in 2017. This virus causes viral hemorrhagic feverand is listed as a Category A Bioterrorism Agent. All infected monkeys died from 8 to 10 days. The aim of the studies was to examine the dose and time to death for animals exposed to aerosolized Marburg virus.  Under another $4.8 million project, funded by DTRA, Porton Down scientists along with the Pentagon contractor Mapp Biopharmaceutical tested Susceptibility and lethality of Western Equine Encephalitis Virus in mice when infected by the aerosol route. Mapp Biopharmaceutical is an American pharmaceutical company, which has developed an Ebola vaccine from the tobacco plant. According to the study, aerosol infection is the likely route of exposure to Western Equine Encephalitis Virus in a biowarfare scenario.  12 Marmoset monkeys were infected with anthrax at Porton Down during an experiment funded by the US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). The study, Experimental respiratory anthrax infection in the common marmoset (Callithrix jacchus), aimed at determining the lethal dose needed to kill 50% of the animals or the so called LD50 indicator. The value of LD50 for a substance is the dose required to kill half the members of the tested population after a specified test duration. Six of the monkeys died from anthrax from 40 to 140 h.  Chemical agent tests  British military scientists were funded by DTRA to perform Chemical Agent system testing as part of a $39.7 million Pentagon program (2012-2017) at Porton Down. Documents prove that the US Department of Defense Agency  DTRA funded animal experiments with chemical agents at the secretive British military lab.  In 2016 Porton Down scientists along with their colleagues from the US Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense published the results of a joint study Acute Gene Expression Profile of Lung Tissue Following Sulfur Mustard Inhalation Exposure in Large Anesthetized Swine. According to the funding information, this work was supported by two contracts with the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (US Department of Defense). During the experiment at Porton Down 16 pigs were exposed to mustard gas for about 10 minutes, at 12 h post exposure the animals were killed (three of them died during the experiment due to complications) and a full post-mortem examination performed in order to determine the lung damage caused by the sulfur mustard inhalation.  Sulfur mustard is a chemical warfare agent that was first used on the battlefield in World War I. It has been classified as a Class 1 human carcinogen, meaning that it can also cause cancer. Mustard agents were regulated under the 1993 Chemical Weapons Convention as substances with no use other than in chemical warfare.  The last use of Sulfur mustard in battle was confirmed in Syria in 2016. According to the BBC, Islamic State (ISIS) jihadists used mustard gas against government forces in Deir-ez-Zor. The same chemical gas was confirmed to have been used by ISIS against Kurds in Northern Iraq. According to The Independent, the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) confirmed that laboratory tests had come back positive for sulfur mustard, after around 35 Kurdish troops fell sick on the battlefield in August 2015.  According to information obtained from the US Federal contracts registry, Porton Down scientists 5 months ago completed a $ 2 million military program involving chemical gas experiments on animals. This program was funded by the US Department of the Army on behalf of the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Chemical Defense (USAMRICD) and was launched in 2008 and further extended in 2012. The work on the program included Phosgene Gas tests. Amongst them  Continued Model Development to Establish Reproducible Phosgene Injury at 24 Hours. According to the program documents, the purpose was to monitor the development of acute lung injury following phosgene exposure. Phosgene gas was used extensively as a chemical weapon, most notably during World War I.  Coincidence: Guinea pigs at Porton Down and at the home of the poisoned ex-spy  Tests using nerve agents VX and VM on guinea pigs were carried out at Poton Down in 2015. The project was funded by the UK Ministry of Defence. Interestingly, ginea pigs were also found at Sergei Skripals home in Salisbury, just a few kilometers away from the secretive chemical and biological military lab. A photo of the Skripals pets  a cat and guinea pigs, was posted by his daughter Yulia on Facebook.  In a 2015 report to the UK parliament the UK Ministry of Defence does confirm the use of animals for military chemical and biological experiments. The ministry states: DSTL is proud to deliver cutting-edge science and technology for the benefit of national defence and security. Part of its work is to provide safe and effective countermeasures against the threat posed by chemical and biological weapons and to enhance the treatment of conventional casualties on the battlefield, which could not currently be achieved without the use of animals.  Porton Down scientists test chemical gas on London Tube passengers  Chemical gas was released on thousands of unsuspecting commuters during a military experiment on the London Underground, documents reveal. These chemical tests were performed in 2013 by scientist from Porton Down.  The UK government never informed the British public of the military experiment on the London Underground. Thousands of people were exposed to chemical gas without their knowledge. Nor did the Ministry of Defence ask for their consent to participate in such military experiments. Information about the project can be obtained from a 2016 US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) document entitled Environmental Assessment of Proposed NYC Subway Tracer Particle and Gas Releases for the Underground Transport Restoration Project.  The document provides information about other programs running in the USA and UK from 2005 to 2016. Among them are the London Underground chemical trials. They were conducted by the Defense Science and Technology Laboratory (DSTL), also known as Porton Down.  Information obtained from the UK government contracts registry confirms that Porton Down scientists conducted a study involving access to the London tube under a 3-year contract with the London Underground (2011-2014). The content of the project is not specified though.  According to the contract documents, the London Underground cannot communicate on these matters with any media representative unless specifically granted permissions to do so. In the event that the Contract becomes classified the Contractor must safeguard information. Before publishing information to the general public, Porton Down may redact any information that would be exempt from disclosure if it was the subject of a request for information under the Freedom of Information Act.  The controversial military laboratory was investigated for chemical and biological experiments on humans in the past. Up to 20,000 people took part in various trials from 1949 to 1989. In 2008, the UK Ministry of Defence paid 360 veterans 3 million without admitting liability.  Powder dissemination of chemical or biological agents  Presently Porton Down scientists produce and test dissemination of biological and/or chemical agents as they did in the past, documents from the UK government contracts registry reveal. Although the information is redacted, it still raises questions as to why the UK military needs to develop a new technique for dissemination of chemical or biological agents via the inhalational route. A private contractor  Red Scientific Ltd, was awarded a 50,000 contract in 2012 to explore techniques that could be used to manipulate the flow ability of dry powders, principally to understand the delivery of solid particulate by inhalation, and to apply a variety of innovative powder manipulation techniques to a specific irritant powder (provided by DSTL). If the work in 2012/13 proves to be successful there is potential for a second phase to be pursued in 2013/14 examining other powder materials with the same techniques, the contract documents reveal. The projects stated goal is marked improvement in the efficiency of aerosolisation over current techniques used at DSTL.  DSTL has also tested dissemination techniques in wind tunnels. A private company  NIAB Trading Ltd, was awarded a 12,020 contract to provide facilities and expertise to assist with wind tunnel assessments.  Such experiments involving the release of bacteria were conducted in the UK in the past during the joint UK-US military operation DICE. A declassified US Army document reveals that a series of 24 field trials took place off the coast of Portland and in Lyme Bay in the UK in 1975. Each field trial involved the spraying of massive bacterial aerosols from a converted Land Rover. Although the US and UK joined the UN Conventions on the prohibition of chemical and biological weapons, documents prove that their military programs have never ended.  US official lied in Brussels about the Pentagon biolaboratories  Robert Kadlec, Assistant Secretary at the US Department of Health, categorically denied the existence of an American bio-weapons program at a seminar on the threat of biological and chemical weapons. The event was organized by the European Parliament on 7th March in Brussels. Asked why the information about the US military bio-laboratories in 25 countries bordering on Russia, China and Iran (the Pentagons main rivals) is classified, Kadlec responded: They are not classified, they are openly available to anyone who wants to look at them.  How a journalist gets expelled from the European Parliament when asking the Assistant Secretary at the US Department of Health questions about the Pentagon bio laboratories around Russia, China and Iran. Posted by Dilyana Gaytandzhieva on Wednesday, March 7, 2018  Documents about the Pentagon offshore bio-laboratories prove him wrong though.  Porton Down is just one of the Pentagon-funded military laboratories in 25 countries across the world, where the US Army produces and tests man-made viruses, bacteria and toxins in direct violation of the UN convention. These US bio-laboratories are funded by the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) under a $ 2.1 billion military program Cooperative Biological Engagement Program (CBEP), and are located in former Soviet Union countries such as Georgia and Ukraine, the Middle East, South East Asia and Africa.  The Pentagon-funded military facilities are not under the direct control of the host state as the US military and civilian personnel is working under diplomatic cover. The local governments are prohibited from public disclosure of sensitive information about the foreign military program running on their own territory. Without being under the direct control of the host state, these Pentagon bio-laboratories put the health of the local population at risk and must be closed.) = 0
(Britains National Health Service are recruiting 24,000 teenagers to test the first new vaccines for adolescents against meningitis B. 16 to 18 year olds across the UK are being urged to take part in the []) = 0
(An ex illuminati member has penned a letter outlining the plans the secret society has in store for humanity in the next few years.  After spending 47 years as a high-ranking illuminati member, the anonymous insider says that he wants to reveal everything after the burden of keeping it a secret became too much to bear.  In an online post the illuminati insider reveals:  The process you have to go through in order to become a member  Shocking revelations about who Obama really is (he is much more evil than anyone realises apparently)  Information about Space flights program  How dark and satanic Denver, Colorado really is  The truth about aliens  This post will be about how the Illuminati recruited me and what exactly I had to go through.  When I was nineteen years old, I fell into some money through some connections with friends and some successful investments of some money that I had made throughout my childhood. I got involved in some backroom deals and saw my money begin to grow. As I attended college at Harvard in 1964, I begin to become increasingly rich, and my influence on campus grew as well through my participation in various clubs, and organizations. Some friends and I began to serve as quasi-stock brokers while still at Harvard. I made tons of cash during that year, and was very powerful and influential on campus.  One night as I was walking back to my dorm shortly after midnight, I was approached by two men in black suits. I initially assumed that they were going to investigate my business activity because some of it was not exactly legal. They asked me to come with them and I followed them into the basement of a two story house a couple streets over from my dorm room. They sat me down at a table and asked me if I was willing to make a deal. They would not tell me what deal I would be making, but just continually asked if I would be willing to make a deal. I half-assed agreed that I would, and that is when the biggest man that I have ever seen walked through some closet doors and sat down First of all, if you do not believe me then I am sorry. I am here to tell the truth, and nothing that is written by me is false exaggeration nor science fiction. This information is real, it is true, it is reality, and it is time for it to be told.  I was a member of the Illuminati for 47 years. I was recruited when I was 19 years old. I have posted here off and on over the past year. (Some of the posts are mine, others are my brothers, mainly they are his) The information that I am about to unfold is very revealing and very dangerous. I am one of seven people in the history of the Illuminati that have performed the Departure Ritual. I knew that I needed to get out when I had something revealed to me at a meeting in June of 2010. For years I was in line with the beliefs, motives, and actions of the Illuminati, but it recently became too much for me to bear, and I had to extinguish my sacred contract.  My reason for coming here is to reveal EVERYTHING about the Illuminati. How you become a member, what the organization is about, what the organization does, and the future plans that we have.  I will be back to make my first post when I can see that this thread has enough attention for me continue. Any time in the near future when I begin to reveal the secrets of the Illuminati, I need to ensure that there are enough people paying attention so that my efforts do not go to waste.  Once I see that this thread has a substantial amount of views and replies, I will make my first post.  Here is a preview of some of the things that I will reveal:  Barack Obama is not a member of the Illuminati, he is something much, much worse.  The new space flights which are planes that can briefly enter orbit are not as fun as they seem, they are an Illuminati tool.  Denver, Colorado is an evil place  Aliens are a little different than what mainstream teaches us  The information I have is essential!  page 69 of thread:  The first topic to discuss will be these underground bunkers that I have mentioned. Currently, there are 57 underground bases and bunkers around the United States that are in use for various purposes. There are 439 bunkers in the entire world. ALL of these bunkers and bases are controlled and maintained by the Illuminati. The largest underground bunker is in Sao Paulo, Brazil. This bunker has the capability of holding up to 5,000 people for a period of up to ten years. I have personally been in this bunker, and it is much larger than one that anyone can possible even imagine. This bunker is secured mainly for the events of the end times. 5,000 of the worlds richest, brightest, and most powerful individuals will secure shelter in this bunker in the event of a global thermonuclear war, natural disaster, or any other form of global catastrophe. Dont be confused. Several other bunkers have the ability of housing large numbers of people for extended periods of time, but no other bunkers is as large and capable as this one. In the event of World War 3, all of the worlds leaders will take shelter here, and the governments of the world will be theoretical proxy governments. The worlds richest people will be here as well. People such as Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, the oil tycoons ( however, these oil tycoons will be murdered while they are in the bunker so that the takeover of the Middle East will be much easier for the New World Order). I do not know the exact number, but of the 439 bunkers in the world, I would say that around 275 of them are constructed mainly for shelter and extended stays. I myself stayed in one of these bunkers while in China in the nineties. They are very nice, very luxurious. It is practically like you are staying in a 5 star hotel.  Some people that have stayed in these bunkers:  Leon Trotsky: After Stalin defeated Trotsky and secured power in the Soviet Union following Lenins death, Trotsky was moved to an underground bunker just inside Switzerland. Stalin originally did not know about this because if he did not follow the orders of the Illuminati, then Trotsky was going to be reinstated as the leader of the Soviet Union. It was important to have Trotsky placed in this bunker because Stalin was going to kill him otherwise. Stalin eventually fell in line with the Illuminatis plans, and Trotsky was executed because he was no longer needed.  Abraham Lincoln: Lincoln was NOT murdered by John Wilkes Booth. Lincoln was placed in the office of presidency as a pawn. The Illuminati knew that if he was elected then the South would secede. The Civil War made the North very, very rich. That was the only reason the Civil War was allowed to happen. If the Illuminati had not seen the opportunity to become rich off of the war, then slavery would still be an American institution. Lincoln was placed in office just to start the war. He made a deal that once the war was over, that he would be removed from office. This was taken care of through a fake assassination, and he spent the rest of his days in a bunker in Mexico.  Saddam Hussein: Hussein was in power in Iraq merely to raise justification for invasion by the United States and other nations. Many of you are already familiar with what I have said about the plans to entirely take over the Middle East and to secure the oil that is currently untapped. The Hussein that was hung was a dummy, and the cell phone video that was release was meant to be released as proof. Saddam is currently in a bunker somewhere in Argentina. I do not know of any future plans with him.  The rest of the bunkers in the world are used for storage of things that cannot be stored on top of the ground. Nuclear stockpiles are being held in these underground bunkers . In the event that a nation veers off the course that is planned, then they will be eliminated. Either through assassination of their leaders or by nuclear destruction. Thankfully, nuclear action has not had to be taken yet; however, do not put it past these people to bring about such destruction.  You all know about the HAARP machine conspiracy. It is real. I can assure you. The machine is housed entirely in a bunker that is underwater in the Pacific Ocean. This machine was developed back in the 1980s, and was first used in the late nineties. This machine has capability of creating any natural disaster that the Illuminati wish to create. Hurricane Katrina was a product of the HAARP machine. The Hurricane was used as a diversion. While the area was in chaos, and attention was diverted everywhere, engineers were sent down to prepare for the gulf oil spill. I can assure you that the Illuminati is capable of releasing more oil into the gulf. The oil that has already been pumped into the gulf is only a small amount compared to what could possibly be done. I already mentioned that the oil spill was used as an agent to implant microbodies into the brains of the children in the area. These children that have been affected are now subject to government control whenever these microbodies are activated. The Illuminati also used the opportunity that Katrina presented to build a bunker that is directly beneath the French Quarter. Why else do you think that FEMA was slow to provide adequate assistance? The engineers needed time.  The HAARP machine is not controlled by any one single country; it is collectively controlled and used. The earthquake in Haiti, the ones that happened over the past couple days, all are products of the HAARP. Not all of the events are relevant or important, some are just tests, some are even mistakes. Rest assured however that once there is need for a natural disaster, the disaster can be generated, engineered, and directed and have whatever effect is necessary.  Another thing that is housed in these bunkers are drugs. There are massive amounts of cocaine, marijuana, heroine, and all kinds of other drugs being stored. The drug trade and war on drugs are essential to the Illuminati. As more and more drugs are traded and cartels become more powerful, the Illuminati becomes richer and more powerful. One of the major contributors and benefactors to the drug trade is Warren Buffett. Buffett has been running the drug trade in the Western Hemisphere for the past twenty years. The drug cartels of Mexico are under his power. It is important that the Illuminati control the majority of the drugs in North America. This is because it gives them yet another vehicle to transport technology that allows them to take control of the consumers. The Illuminati is constantly searching for ways to implant themselves in the minds of the general public, and naturally, control of the drug trade was the perfect way to do so. Buffett secured control of the drug trade when he approached multiple drug cartels and presented them with contracts. He has been in control ever since, and Ben Bernanke is assisting him with the day to day operations.  Multiple bunkers are also equipped to serve as crematories. Much in the same way that the Nazis burned their victims, the Illuminati plans to burn victims that are killed off. Many have speculated that FEMA has constructed stockpiles of coffins to be used for mass burials, but this is not true. Mass burials would take a massive amount of time and effort. Therefore, when the time comes to begin mass killings and executions, the bodies will be shipped to burn yard where they will be dropped in these bunkers and reduced to ashes. FEMA, which is an Illuminati run organization, decided that this would be the most effective way to dispose of a mass amount of bodies.  Yet more of these bunkers contain robots that are designed and ready to infiltrate the workplace in the case of a labor shortage. The scenario in which these robots will most likely be used is when the mind control aspect of the Illuminatis plan goes into effect. Robots will be sent in to perform the jobs that these people were doing, and these people will be used for other events, such as war, propaganda, and violence. These robots will also be used once population control goes into effect.  Alex Jones is not who he says he is. For years he has been working to uncover the secrets of the Illuminati and the New World Order, but yet he is a member of the former, and will be in power in the latter. Jones has been placed in the world of conspiracy theories to feed false information, to throw trackers off the trail. Do not believe anything that the man tells you. All of the information that he presents is fabricated by the Illuminati, for the Illuminati. Think of Joseph Goebbels. Alex Jones is the perfect Joseph Goebbels. STOP LISTENING TO HIM IF YOU ARE. You are being lied to by a man that receives his instructions straight from the Illuminati.  The moon landing in 1969 was real, but there was a moon landing seven years earlier that was the first real landing. In truth, the Russians were the first ones to land on the moon; however, they did not publicize the mission nor the results. It was decided that America was going to win the space race in order to secure a feeling of capitalism over communism. Russia launched their own rocket ship toward the moon as a test run to ensure that the American trial would be successful seven years later. Everything went perfect with the Russian moon landing, and the same technology was then applied to the American moon mission. While on the moon, the American astronauts began the first construction of nuclear missile sites on the moon. These nuclear missile sites have been added onto over the years by way of subsequent moon missions and work by remote control robots. The purpose of these missile sites is the ability to launch nuclear missiles without the risk of tracing the missiles back to a particular country. The scenario in which these missiles would be used is to attack a nation that is not cooperating with the Illuminati. The Illuminati would order missiles launched at the nation, but without the afflicted nation being able to track where exactly the missiles came from, they would not be able to show evidence that they should declare war on a specific country. In my opinion, these missiles will never be used because there are many other ways that the Illuminati can bring down an entire government other than nuking them. However, to my knowledge, the moon currently has 2 fully equipped nuclear missile sites that can be operated from Earth.  Sticking with space.  Scientists working for the Illuminati have found a way that they can shut off the sun. A weapon has been created that shoot a beam of high density radiation right into the heart of a planet or star. This beam of radiation penetrates through the planet creating a very large cylinder in the exact middle of it. The radiation that is left behind begins to eat at the star or planet and the effects spread like wildfire. This technology has been tested on various stars in our immediate solar system and is very effective. The first thing that occurs to the star is that the radiation eats a perfect cylinder through the middle of the star, the radiation left behind begins working its way outward degenerating anything in its path. The radiation continues to build and spread. Some stars hung on until they were totally deteriorated from the radiation; however, some stars became so unstable that they combusted at a certain point.  Scientists are certain that this technology can be used on the sun, but also on other planets. One estimate that I overheard was that from the initial shot of radiation, it would take approximately nine years for the entire sun to be entirely consumed. We would begin seeing the effects of the radiation in approximately 3 and a half years however. The first signs would be shorter days and a decreased amount of sunlight during those days. The sun would start becoming unstable at about the seven year point, and we will begin seeing massive solar flares. Once the nine years is up, all life on earth will be dead.  Since my departure, I am completely unsure who the top, head leaders of the Illuminati are at this point, but I will give my best guess. The Illuminati is structured so that there are one to three major leaders in each major region of the world; however, some regions are left out because of a lack of a suitable leader; therefore, a leader is installed there.  In North America:  Warren Buffett is most likely the head of all Illuminati operations. Followed by Ben Bernanke, followed by Lloyd Blankfein who is CEO of Goldman Sachs.  Goldman Sachs is a key player in the North American Illuminati sector. Recently, Goldman Sachs invested almost $500 million dollars in Facebook. Usually this means that Facebook will fall under Illuminati control soon, just as Myspace and Twitter have.  Other key players in North America are Alex Jones, Bill Clinton, Rahm Emmanuel, of course Obama, and Timothy Geithner  South America is void of any real Illuminati leaders. Hugo Chavez has been difficult to work with in the past. He seems to be in line with the Illuminati agenda; however, he does not like being told what to do. Most of the North American leaders control South America as well.  In Europe:  Nicolas Sarkozy is the main guy. He controls the majority of the operations in Europe and Africa. Gordon Brown was very influential in the Illuminati until he decided to begin playing his way; this is why he was removed from office. My opinion is that he is still a key player, just not as key as he once was. There are several African arms dealer that have recently gained some power; however, I am unaware of their identities.  The Middle East is controlled largely by Benjamin Netanyahu which should not come as much of a surprise. Netanyahu does not have as much control as you would think however. As I have stated before, Israel is the grand puppet state of the Illuminati.They will do absolutely anything that the Illuminati wants them to do, and they will do it to the best of their ability without even thinking twice. Israel has been given the permission to fire upon Iran whenever it wishes to do so. Control of the Middle East is hard because there are so many rebel groups. Palestine should not even be worried about. Although they are not controlled by the Illuminati, they are not able to do anything. Iran is borderline at time, and completely in opposition at others. This is why Israel will destroy Iran to start WWIII.  Asia is controlled entirely by Vladimir Putin and his cronies. Putin is a very powerful, very smart man. He will regain popular control of Russia very soon, but you can be assured that everything that is happening in Russia right now is going through him. China has chosen to give up a little power to the Illuminati. They cooperate; just do not care to become too involved. In my opinion, it is because they feel that they will be able to defeat the Illuminati in the end. They are sadly mistaken. Eventually they will come to terms and will join in the great skit that will be called World War 3.  The Spanish flu of 1918, SARS, and the H1N1 scare all have one thing in common: they all were engineered by the Illuminati. While nothing has been instituted on a global scale, the Illuminati has been testing these viruses for years and they are finally unlocking the keys to creating a virus that will spread across the globe very, very fast killing select people. My advice: do not receive the vaccines. You will become a part of a test group that the Illuminati is using to experiment. The H1N1 virus started to become widespread when animals escaped from a farm in Brazil where the virus was being tested. Several of these animals mingled with citizens of surrounding towns, and many of the animals were consumed. The population of the surround towns were quarantined, and the ones that died were covered up; however, somehow, a traveler had carried the flu virus all the way up into northern Mexico, where the virus was first reported. The Illuminati soon found out that the virus was much, much less ineffective than they thought. They are currently pursuing research on a virus that will wipe out a country within a matter of days.  I hope this data dump has been informational for you and has contributed to my credibility in some way. I have much, much more information. It just takes me time to sit down and father my thoughts long enough to format them in an easily readable and comprehensive manner. This is definitely not my last post, as I have more information that needs to be told. It has been a long, tiring past couple of days, and I hope this is enough information to give me a good rest for awhile. If you have any questions then feel free to post them here, on my youtube account, or email me at walte1944@yahoo.com  This article was originally published in 2015 and is updated regularly  Sources used:  Anonymousmags.com) = 0
(Two people who were connected to the Flint water company investigation were both found dead in the space of a week this month.  Water Treatment Plant Foreman, Matthew McFarland, and the woman leading the lead poisoning suit, Sasha Avonna Bell, were found dead within days of each other.  Vigilantcitizen.com reports:  The Flint water crisis began exactly two years ago, on April 2014, when Flint changed its water source from treated Detroit Water and Sewerage Department water to the Flint River  to which officials had failed to apply corrosion inhibitors. Almost immediately, Flint residents complained about the waters color, taste and odor. In the following months, numerous water issues arose, with little to no governmental action to fix them.  August and September 2014 boil-water advisories were issued by the city due to coliform bacteria detection  On August 21, 2014 test showed the citys water tested high for THMs, a chlorine byproduct of disinfecting water, with which long term exposure has been linked to cancer and other diseases.  Though the city stated that the water was safe, the employees of the Flint Public Library declared the water undrinkable after noticing that the water from the faucets and toilets was discolored.  On March 2, 2016, it was reported that the state of Michigan blocked Flint from returning to Lake Huron water from the Detroit water system when it agreed to grant the city an emergency loan of $7 million in April 2015  It was discovered that the high levels of lead were due to orthophosphate being omitted from the water treatment process, while using a pH of 7.4 and that the orange water was due to the high concentration of chloride in the Flint River water, which caused excessive corrosion of the cast iron mains pipes.  Far from taking decisive action, governments denied that the water was toxic.  While the local outcry about Flint water quality was growing in early 2015, Flint water officials filed papers with state regulators purporting to show that tests at Flints water treatment plant had detected no lead and testing in homes had registered lead at acceptable levels. The documents falsely claimed that the city had tested tap water from homes with lead service lines, and therefore the highest lead-poisoning risks; in reality; the city does not know the locations of lead service lines, which city officials acknowledged in November 2015 after the Flint Journal/MLive published an article revealing the practice after obtaining documents through the Michigan Freedom of Information Act.   Robin Erb, Flint doctor makes state see light about lead in water  The net result is that over 10,000 children (mostly Black) were exposed to water contaminated with lead. Lead poisoning has devastating effects on the brain:  Childhood lead exposure causes a reduction in intellectual functioning and IQ, academic performance, and problem-solving skills, and an increased risk of attention deficit disorder, aggression, and hyperactivity. According to studies, children with elevated levels of lead in the blood are more likely as adults to commit crimes, be imprisoned, be unemployed or underemployed, or be dependent on government services.   Julie Mack, Lead levels elevated for thousands of Michigan children outside of Flint  A massive investigation is now underway and lawsuits are being filed. And things are turning uglier.  Cover Up  Now that the federal government opened an investigation on the issue, news emerging from Flint are downright sordid.  First, in March, important documents went missing, the police openly admits that it was an inside job, and that the crime will most likely remain unresolved.  Days before the federal government opened an investigation into the Flint water crisis, someone broke into a vacant City Hall office full of documents related to the embattled Michigan citys water system.  Nearly three months later, officials have confirmed that a TV went missing, but little else is known, according to the Flint Journal.  Without suspects or a firm handle on what else may have been swiped, authorities told the paper last week that the crime may remain unsolved.  No warrants have been issued in the case, but officials dont shy away from speculative statements that stop just short of conspiracy theories.  It was definitely an inside job, police chief Tim Johnson told the Journal. The power cord (to the TV) wasnt even taken. The average drug user knows that youd need the power cord to be able to pawn it.  It was somebody that had knowledge of those documents that really wanted to keep them out of the right hands, out of the hands of someone who was going to tell the real story of whats going on with Flint water.  Days before the federal government opened an investigation into the Flint water crisis, someone broke into a vacant City Hall office full of documents related to the embattled Michigan citys water system.   Washington Post, The mystery surrounding missing water files at Flint City Hall: It was definitely an inside job  On April 16th, Water Treatment Plant Foreman Matthew McFarland (who had been interviewed regarding the water crisis) was found dead at the young age of 43. Cause of death? Unknown.  Already reeling from the news of criminal charges against one of its workers in the wake of the Flint water crisis, city workers are now dealing with the sudden death of a foreman at the plant.  Water Treatment Plant Foreman Matthew McFarland, 43, of Otter Lake died suddenly on on Saturday, April 16, according to his obituary.  The Lapeer County Sheriffs Department said a friend found McFarland unresponsive at a home in Otter Lake. There were no signs of foul play.  An autopsy did not determine a cause of death and police are awaiting toxicology reports. The investigation remains open.  My thoughts and prayers go out to Matts co-workers, his family and especially his children, said Flint Mayor Karen Weaver. He worked for the City of Flint for more than 18 years and we thank him for his devotion and service.  We all have been brought together by this water crisis and we are all mourning his death, Weaver said in a statement. In lieu of flowers, the family has expressed they would appreciate donations to establish a fund for (his children) Vance and Ellas college expenses.  McFarlands death comes as Flints water plant deals with news that Flint Utilities Manager Michael Glasgow is one of three men facing criminal charges in connection with the citys water crisis.  Glasgow is accused of tampering with evidence when he allegedly changed testing results to show there was less lead in city water than there actually was. He is also charged with willful neglect of office.  Michigan Department of Environmental Quality employees Stephen Busch and Michael Prysby are charged with misconduct in office, conspiracy to tamper with evidence, tampering with evidence and violations of the Michigan Safe Drinking Water Act.  Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuettes office confirmed that McFarland was previously interviewed as part of its ongoing investigation into the citys water crisis.   mlive, Flint water plant continues to reel with sudden death of foreman  A few days later, a 19-year old woman leading the Flint water crisis lawsuit was found shot dead in her home. A culprit was arrested. Was he a patsy?  A woman at the center of a bellwether Flint water crisis lawsuit was one of two women who were shot to death inside a townhouse earlier this week.  Sasha Avonna Bell was one of the first of a growing number of people to file a lawsuit in connection to the Flint water crisis after she claimed that her child had been lead poisoned.  Bell was found dead April 19 in the 2600 block of Ridgecrest Drive at the Ridgecrest Village Townhouses. Sacorya Renee Reed was also found shot to death in the home.  An unharmed 1-year-old child was also found inside of the Ridgecrest home when Bells body was discovered and was taken into custody by child protective services. Police declined to confirm if it was Bells child discovered in the home.  Sasha was a lovely young woman who cared deeply for her family, and especially for her young child, said her attorney Corey M. Stern. Her tragic and senseless death has created a void in the lives of so many people that loved her. Hopefully, her child will be lifted up by the love and support from everyone who cared deeply for Sasha.  Bells case was one of 64 lawsuits filed on behalf of 144 children by Sterns firm, New York-based Levy Konigsberg, and Flint-based Robinson Carter & Crawford.  The lawsuit named six companies that had various responsibilities with respect to the treatment, monitoring, and safety of the Flint water prior to and during the Flint water crisis, according to her attorneys. The case also named three individual government, or former government, employees who played significant roles in the alleged misconduct that led to the alleged poisoning of thousands of children in Flint, her attorneys claim.  The Bell case, however, played an important role in determining the future of the more than five dozen other lawsuits that were filed.   mlive, Woman in leading Flint water crisis lawsuit slain in twin killing  Everything about this story is revolting and dirty facts are emerging from everywhere. However, mass media largely ignores this story. Those that do are flooded with comments about tin foil hats and conspiracy nutters. It is as if shills are paid kill that story online  or maybe that poisonous lead has already done its debilitating, mind-numbing job.) = 0
(An American woman is suing Big Pharma for $2 million after her cat turned autistic as a result of getting a vaccine for the Feline Leukemia Virus (FeLV).  The vaccination is known to cause temporary side effects such as fever and swelling, and in some instances has caused seizures, but the woman from Cincinnati says she believes her cat has suffered permanent damage as a result of the vaccine.  38-year-old Jane Feathers told reporters, It took me several weeks to identify the symptoms. There is hardly any literature on autism in animals so I had to figure this out by myself. It is while watching Jenny McCarthy talk about her sons symptoms on Youtube that I understood why Pickles was so different since he received his shot.  Feathers says she realized something was wrong when her cat began displaying impaired social skills such as the loss of its ability to meow, and when it started to show signs of chronic repetitive behavior.  From that day on he has been like a ghost. He has that dead-empty glare to his eyes. He can spend hours looking at the wall without flinching. The only thing he practically does is line up his dry food pebbles in a straight line, Ive never seen him or any other cat do such a strange thing she said. I had also taught him to say his name, but he obviously cannot do that anymore.  Worldnewsdailyreport.com reports:  Miss Feathers attorney, Mariana Mercedes, believes the plaintiffs case could set a precedent.  No medical intervention is completely risk-free. Vaccines, though they are designed to protect from disease, may include life-threatening allergic reactions, cause seizures, and even death, she explained. Compensation for individuals harmed by vaccines already exist, it has just never been done in the light of domestic animals.  It is common to sue a manufacturer for harm caused by an improperly made vaccine, or to sue a physician for administering a vaccine when it was contraindicated. Why would my defendants case be different because we are talking about a family pet? she asked a local reporter when reached by phone.  As of December 1, 2011, the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program had awarded $2.35 billion in 2,810 separate claims, including compensation for 390 deaths.) = 0
(The British Foreign Office has confirmed the content of a document with proof of alleged Russian involvement in the poisoning of Skripal and his daughter.    They say that it fully reflects the position of British prime minister Theresa May.  The Russian Foreign Ministry has previously stated that the chief executive of Porton Down Defence Science and Technology Laboratory had amount to admitting that the UK was developing combat poisoning substances.  In a statement, they now say that analysis of the Skripals case shows that the UK authorities are not interested in finding out the motives or those responsible for the crime in Salisbury and suggests that the British intelligence services are involved in it.  Sputnik news reports:  The behavior of the British authorities raises many questions. The UK population is itself kept in the dark about the key moments of this announced serious threat of the incident, the total number of victims is unknown, the statements reads.  The ministry has also accused the British lab in Porton Down of hushing up information in the wake of the poisoning of former spy Sergei Skripal.  Information about the fact that the day before the poisoning of Skripals, the center together with the British military conducted exercises, during which the methods of combating chemical and biological contamination were practiced.  In addition to this, throughout the world, London has been developing a campaign to create an absolute presumption of Russias guilt, a statement on the website of the Russian ministry reads.  According to Moscow, London is unable to protect Russian citizens on its soil.  A blatant example of this is, in particular, the poisoning of former FSB officer Alexander Litvinenko, the death under unclear circumstances of Russian businessmen Badri Patarkatsishvili and Alexander Perepilichny, the mysterious suicide of Boris Berezovsky and the strangulation of his business partner Nikolai Glushkov and, finally, the assassination attempt of Sergei Skripal and Yulia Skripal.  The ministry has emphasized that it would consider the poisoning of Skripals as an assassination attempt on the lives of Russians if the opposite was not proved by London.  The statement follows a statement made by the Russian Embassy in the United Kingdom, that earlier accused Gary Aitkenhead, the chief executive of Porton Down Defence Science and Technology Laboratory of amount to admitting that the United Kingdom was developing combat poisoning substances including those that had been used in the so-called attack on Skripal and his daughter Yulia.  Last week, Aitkenhead said that no dangerous chemical could leave four walls of the laboratory because of the highest levels of controls, of security around the work that is being done there.  Moscow Slams Reported Britains Proof on Skripals Poisoning as Mays Fail  The UK Foreign Office has confirmed the content of the reported document with Londons proof of alleged Russian involvement in the poisoning of Skripal, saying that it completely aligns UK Prime Minister Theresa Mays stance on the case.  We are grateful to the Russian MFA for giving this document more prominence. It is a useful run down of the Russian authorities reckless pattern of behaviour over the last few years, including the Salisbury incident, the spokesperson said.  Earlier in the day Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova has said that London and Washington had ignored Moscows request to send it a printed document related to the Skripal case.  In her Facebook page, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova has commented on the Kommersant dailys publication on what she said has prompted the expulsion of Russian diplomats in connection with Skripals poisoning.  This is [UK Prime Minister] Theresa Mays fail. The largest manipulation of the world public opinion has been revealed, and British authorities are involved in it. Just assess it. The decisions on a states responsibility in a chemical attack were made on the basis of six pictures, she wrote.  Earlier, she told Russias NTV Channel that the US and the UK had refused to heed Moscows call to deliver it a printed document pertaining to the Salisbury incident.  The document, which is a sort of Londons explanations on what happened in Salisbury, has never been published by the media, Zakharova said.  She added that the Russian Foreign Ministry had repeatedly tried to obtain the document, sending relevant requests to its British and American colleagues.  We did so publicly but in response we received zero information, she pointed out.  Zakharovas remarks came a few days after more than 100 Russian diplomats have been expelled by about 20 European countries as well as the US, Canada and Ukraine over Moscows alleged involvement in the March 4 poisoning of former Russian intelligence agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in Britains Salisbury.) = 0
(U.S. Navy spies embedded within the Nazi party during World War 2 say that the Nazi war effort was assisted by aliens and extraterrestrial technology.  According to William Tompkins, an aerospace designer, Adolf Hitler had a secret agreement with representatives from a reptilian extraterrestrial race who helped the SS to develop advanced weapons.  Exopolitics.org reports:  In the interview, Tompkins discusses the Reptilian consultants helping the Nazis:  They had, if you want to call them, consultants, who are Reptilian consultants assisting on all of these different things that it takes to design and build these spacecraft carriers, and propulsion systems. So this is an extremely well developed program and documented like crazy. Getting copies of the documents was hard for them, hard for our spies. This was an open program in the upper level of the SS.  The spies learned that the goal of the Reptilian plan was not only to assist the Nazis to win the war and achieve planetary conquest, but to build fleets of antigravity spacecraft carriers that could be used for interplanetary conquest in other star systems:  Holy cats the thing went way beyond that [world conquest]. Again, what we just said about this was the tip of the iceberg of what they were doing. Already Reptilians were doing it to other stars planets all over this area of the Galaxy. These young kids, the operatives, they couldnt believe half of what they brought back, what was going on. But some of them were really good people, and they knew how to get into places and listen to whats going on, and finding what that guy he had talked to, or he heard, and going to so and so, because yes they were doing that over there.  Tompkins information is startling, but it is not the first time claims have been made about Nazi Germany receiving extraterrestrial help during the War. The father of German rocket science, Herman Oberth, said the following in response to a question about Nazi Germanys rapid technological development:  We cannot take credit for our record advancement in certain scientific fields alone. We have been helped. When asked by whom, he replied, the peoples of other worlds.  In a 1998 interview with Linda Moulton Howe, a former CIA agent, who from 1957 to 1960 was given access to highly classified briefing files, said that the documents revealed that the Nazis had indeed been helped by an extraterrestrial race in their advanced aeronautical weapons projects:  When Vril was building that first craft, the Vril had one or two of the aliens that worked with them in Germany where they fired rockets from Peenemunde. The documents I read in Washington said thats where the first Vril vehicle was made. They [aliens] were helpers to Germany.  More recently, Secret Space Program whistleblower, Corey Goode says that from 1987 to 2007, he read intelligence briefings on smart-glass pads that detailed what had happed during World War II.  He describes how German Secret Societies were helped before and throughout World War II by Draconian extraterrestrials who were assisting the former in the development of advanced antigravity space battle fleets.  At the same time these [German Secret] Societies had made contact with the Draco Federation and another group that avoided the Dracos. The German Occultists were very busy from the early 1900s, especially the time just before, during and after World War One. Their major breakthroughs occurred in the late 1930s.  Goode said that the ultimate goal of the Reptilians, in helping German Secret Societies and the Nazi SS, was to create advanced space carrier groups that would be capable of interplanetary conquest. The eventual German/Nazi space battle groups became what Goode described as the Dark Fleet. It operates outside of our solar system, and is described at length in the book, Insiders Reveal Secret Space Programs and Extraterrestrial Alliances.  Consequently, the whistleblower testimonies by the CIA Agent and Corey Goode support Tompkins claims that intelligence briefing files dating from World War II did indeed refer to Nazi Germany being assisted by extraterrestrials. Significantly, the ultimate goal of the German Reptilian alliance went far beyond planetary conquest, as Tompkins claimed the U.S. Navy had learned from its spies.  In addition to the preceding whistleblower testimony, there are important documents that support Tompkins extraordinary claims. In his autobiography, Selected by Extraterrestrials, Tompkins supplied a number of significant documents.  The two most pertinent to his specific claims that Navy spies were reporting on advanced Nazi aerospace projects, are Tompkins mission orders and two passeshe received to enter and leave Naval Air Station with multiple information packages.  His mission orders confirm that he was authorized to work as a Disseminator of Aircraft Research and Information. This is compelling documentary evidence that the packages Tompkins was carrying contained classified Naval intelligence on advanced aircraft designs, which included those developed in Nazi Germany.  Tompkins revealed how he participated in the debriefings of Navy spies, who returned periodically from Germany to give updates on what they were seeing in advanced technology projects. Tompkins job was to then design briefing packets that he would disseminate to leading U.S. corporations, think tanks and universities that could properly study and evaluate the information.  Over the four years of his covert Naval Intelligence service (1942-1946) Tompkins estimates giving 1200 briefings at different locations, where he revealed Nazi secrets to those U.S. scientists most capable of understanding what the Germans were secretly developing.) = 0
(An ex illuminati member has penned a letter outlining the plans the secret society has in store for humanity in the next few years.  After spending 47 years as a high-ranking illuminati member, the anonymous insider says that he wants to reveal everything after the burden of keeping it a secret became too much to bear.  In an online post the illuminati insider reveals:  The process you have to go through in order to become a member  Shocking revelations about who Obama really is (he is much more evil than anyone realises apparently)  Information about Space flights program  How dark and satanic Denver, Colorado really is  The truth about aliens  This post will be about how the Illuminati recruited me and what exactly I had to go through.  When I was nineteen years old, I fell into some money through some connections with friends and some successful investments of some money that I had made throughout my childhood. I got involved in some backroom deals and saw my money begin to grow. As I attended college at Harvard in 1964, I begin to become increasingly rich, and my influence on campus grew as well through my participation in various clubs, and organizations. Some friends and I began to serve as quasi-stock brokers while still at Harvard. I made tons of cash during that year, and was very powerful and influential on campus.  One night as I was walking back to my dorm shortly after midnight, I was approached by two men in black suits. I initially assumed that they were going to investigate my business activity because some of it was not exactly legal. They asked me to come with them and I followed them into the basement of a two story house a couple streets over from my dorm room. They sat me down at a table and asked me if I was willing to make a deal. They would not tell me what deal I would be making, but just continually asked if I would be willing to make a deal. I half-assed agreed that I would, and that is when the biggest man that I have ever seen walked through some closet doors and sat down First of all, if you do not believe me then I am sorry. I am here to tell the truth, and nothing that is written by me is false exaggeration nor science fiction. This information is real, it is true, it is reality, and it is time for it to be told.  I was a member of the Illuminati for 47 years. I was recruited when I was 19 years old. I have posted here off and on over the past year. (Some of the posts are mine, others are my brothers, mainly they are his) The information that I am about to unfold is very revealing and very dangerous. I am one of seven people in the history of the Illuminati that have performed the Departure Ritual. I knew that I needed to get out when I had something revealed to me at a meeting in June of 2010. For years I was in line with the beliefs, motives, and actions of the Illuminati, but it recently became too much for me to bear, and I had to extinguish my sacred contract.  My reason for coming here is to reveal EVERYTHING about the Illuminati. How you become a member, what the organization is about, what the organization does, and the future plans that we have.  I will be back to make my first post when I can see that this thread has enough attention for me continue. Any time in the near future when I begin to reveal the secrets of the Illuminati, I need to ensure that there are enough people paying attention so that my efforts do not go to waste.  Once I see that this thread has a substantial amount of views and replies, I will make my first post.  Here is a preview of some of the things that I will reveal:  Barack Obama is not a member of the Illuminati, he is something much, much worse.  The new space flights which are planes that can briefly enter orbit are not as fun as they seem, they are an Illuminati tool.  Denver, Colorado is an evil place  Aliens are a little different than what mainstream teaches us  The information I have is essential!  page 69 of thread:  The first topic to discuss will be these underground bunkers that I have mentioned. Currently, there are 57 underground bases and bunkers around the United States that are in use for various purposes. There are 439 bunkers in the entire world. ALL of these bunkers and bases are controlled and maintained by the Illuminati. The largest underground bunker is in Sao Paulo, Brazil. This bunker has the capability of holding up to 5,000 people for a period of up to ten years. I have personally been in this bunker, and it is much larger than one that anyone can possible even imagine. This bunker is secured mainly for the events of the end times. 5,000 of the worlds richest, brightest, and most powerful individuals will secure shelter in this bunker in the event of a global thermonuclear war, natural disaster, or any other form of global catastrophe. Dont be confused. Several other bunkers have the ability of housing large numbers of people for extended periods of time, but no other bunkers is as large and capable as this one. In the event of World War 3, all of the worlds leaders will take shelter here, and the governments of the world will be theoretical proxy governments. The worlds richest people will be here as well. People such as Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, the oil tycoons ( however, these oil tycoons will be murdered while they are in the bunker so that the takeover of the Middle East will be much easier for the New World Order). I do not know the exact number, but of the 439 bunkers in the world, I would say that around 275 of them are constructed mainly for shelter and extended stays. I myself stayed in one of these bunkers while in China in the nineties. They are very nice, very luxurious. It is practically like you are staying in a 5 star hotel.  Some people that have stayed in these bunkers:  Leon Trotsky: After Stalin defeated Trotsky and secured power in the Soviet Union following Lenins death, Trotsky was moved to an underground bunker just inside Switzerland. Stalin originally did not know about this because if he did not follow the orders of the Illuminati, then Trotsky was going to be reinstated as the leader of the Soviet Union. It was important to have Trotsky placed in this bunker because Stalin was going to kill him otherwise. Stalin eventually fell in line with the Illuminatis plans, and Trotsky was executed because he was no longer needed.  Abraham Lincoln: Lincoln was NOT murdered by John Wilkes Booth. Lincoln was placed in the office of presidency as a pawn. The Illuminati knew that if he was elected then the South would secede. The Civil War made the North very, very rich. That was the only reason the Civil War was allowed to happen. If the Illuminati had not seen the opportunity to become rich off of the war, then slavery would still be an American institution. Lincoln was placed in office just to start the war. He made a deal that once the war was over, that he would be removed from office. This was taken care of through a fake assassination, and he spent the rest of his days in a bunker in Mexico.  Saddam Hussein: Hussein was in power in Iraq merely to raise justification for invasion by the United States and other nations. Many of you are already familiar with what I have said about the plans to entirely take over the Middle East and to secure the oil that is currently untapped. The Hussein that was hung was a dummy, and the cell phone video that was release was meant to be released as proof. Saddam is currently in a bunker somewhere in Argentina. I do not know of any future plans with him.  The rest of the bunkers in the world are used for storage of things that cannot be stored on top of the ground. Nuclear stockpiles are being held in these underground bunkers . In the event that a nation veers off the course that is planned, then they will be eliminated. Either through assassination of their leaders or by nuclear destruction. Thankfully, nuclear action has not had to be taken yet; however, do not put it past these people to bring about such destruction.  You all know about the HAARP machine conspiracy. It is real. I can assure you. The machine is housed entirely in a bunker that is underwater in the Pacific Ocean. This machine was developed back in the 1980s, and was first used in the late nineties. This machine has capability of creating any natural disaster that the Illuminati wish to create. Hurricane Katrina was a product of the HAARP machine. The Hurricane was used as a diversion. While the area was in chaos, and attention was diverted everywhere, engineers were sent down to prepare for the gulf oil spill. I can assure you that the Illuminati is capable of releasing more oil into the gulf. The oil that has already been pumped into the gulf is only a small amount compared to what could possibly be done. I already mentioned that the oil spill was used as an agent to implant microbodies into the brains of the children in the area. These children that have been affected are now subject to government control whenever these microbodies are activated. The Illuminati also used the opportunity that Katrina presented to build a bunker that is directly beneath the French Quarter. Why else do you think that FEMA was slow to provide adequate assistance? The engineers needed time.  The HAARP machine is not controlled by any one single country; it is collectively controlled and used. The earthquake in Haiti, the ones that happened over the past couple days, all are products of the HAARP. Not all of the events are relevant or important, some are just tests, some are even mistakes. Rest assured however that once there is need for a natural disaster, the disaster can be generated, engineered, and directed and have whatever effect is necessary.  Another thing that is housed in these bunkers are drugs. There are massive amounts of cocaine, marijuana, heroine, and all kinds of other drugs being stored. The drug trade and war on drugs are essential to the Illuminati. As more and more drugs are traded and cartels become more powerful, the Illuminati becomes richer and more powerful. One of the major contributors and benefactors to the drug trade is Warren Buffett. Buffett has been running the drug trade in the Western Hemisphere for the past twenty years. The drug cartels of Mexico are under his power. It is important that the Illuminati control the majority of the drugs in North America. This is because it gives them yet another vehicle to transport technology that allows them to take control of the consumers. The Illuminati is constantly searching for ways to implant themselves in the minds of the general public, and naturally, control of the drug trade was the perfect way to do so. Buffett secured control of the drug trade when he approached multiple drug cartels and presented them with contracts. He has been in control ever since, and Ben Bernanke is assisting him with the day to day operations.  Multiple bunkers are also equipped to serve as crematories. Much in the same way that the Nazis burned their victims, the Illuminati plans to burn victims that are killed off. Many have speculated that FEMA has constructed stockpiles of coffins to be used for mass burials, but this is not true. Mass burials would take a massive amount of time and effort. Therefore, when the time comes to begin mass killings and executions, the bodies will be shipped to burn yard where they will be dropped in these bunkers and reduced to ashes. FEMA, which is an Illuminati run organization, decided that this would be the most effective way to dispose of a mass amount of bodies.  Yet more of these bunkers contain robots that are designed and ready to infiltrate the workplace in the case of a labor shortage. The scenario in which these robots will most likely be used is when the mind control aspect of the Illuminatis plan goes into effect. Robots will be sent in to perform the jobs that these people were doing, and these people will be used for other events, such as war, propaganda, and violence. These robots will also be used once population control goes into effect.  Alex Jones is not who he says he is. For years he has been working to uncover the secrets of the Illuminati and the New World Order, but yet he is a member of the former, and will be in power in the latter. Jones has been placed in the world of conspiracy theories to feed false information, to throw trackers off the trail. Do not believe anything that the man tells you. All of the information that he presents is fabricated by the Illuminati, for the Illuminati. Think of Joseph Goebbels. Alex Jones is the perfect Joseph Goebbels. STOP LISTENING TO HIM IF YOU ARE. You are being lied to by a man that receives his instructions straight from the Illuminati.  The moon landing in 1969 was real, but there was a moon landing seven years earlier that was the first real landing. In truth, the Russians were the first ones to land on the moon; however, they did not publicize the mission nor the results. It was decided that America was going to win the space race in order to secure a feeling of capitalism over communism. Russia launched their own rocket ship toward the moon as a test run to ensure that the American trial would be successful seven years later. Everything went perfect with the Russian moon landing, and the same technology was then applied to the American moon mission. While on the moon, the American astronauts began the first construction of nuclear missile sites on the moon. These nuclear missile sites have been added onto over the years by way of subsequent moon missions and work by remote control robots. The purpose of these missile sites is the ability to launch nuclear missiles without the risk of tracing the missiles back to a particular country. The scenario in which these missiles would be used is to attack a nation that is not cooperating with the Illuminati. The Illuminati would order missiles launched at the nation, but without the afflicted nation being able to track where exactly the missiles came from, they would not be able to show evidence that they should declare war on a specific country. In my opinion, these missiles will never be used because there are many other ways that the Illuminati can bring down an entire government other than nuking them. However, to my knowledge, the moon currently has 2 fully equipped nuclear missile sites that can be operated from Earth.  Sticking with space.  Scientists working for the Illuminati have found a way that they can shut off the sun. A weapon has been created that shoot a beam of high density radiation right into the heart of a planet or star. This beam of radiation penetrates through the planet creating a very large cylinder in the exact middle of it. The radiation that is left behind begins to eat at the star or planet and the effects spread like wildfire. This technology has been tested on various stars in our immediate solar system and is very effective. The first thing that occurs to the star is that the radiation eats a perfect cylinder through the middle of the star, the radiation left behind begins working its way outward degenerating anything in its path. The radiation continues to build and spread. Some stars hung on until they were totally deteriorated from the radiation; however, some stars became so unstable that they combusted at a certain point.  Scientists are certain that this technology can be used on the sun, but also on other planets. One estimate that I overheard was that from the initial shot of radiation, it would take approximately nine years for the entire sun to be entirely consumed. We would begin seeing the effects of the radiation in approximately 3 and a half years however. The first signs would be shorter days and a decreased amount of sunlight during those days. The sun would start becoming unstable at about the seven year point, and we will begin seeing massive solar flares. Once the nine years is up, all life on earth will be dead.  Since my departure, I am completely unsure who the top, head leaders of the Illuminati are at this point, but I will give my best guess. The Illuminati is structured so that there are one to three major leaders in each major region of the world; however, some regions are left out because of a lack of a suitable leader; therefore, a leader is installed there.  In North America:  Warren Buffett is most likely the head of all Illuminati operations. Followed by Ben Bernanke, followed by Lloyd Blankfein who is CEO of Goldman Sachs.  Goldman Sachs is a key player in the North American Illuminati sector. Recently, Goldman Sachs invested almost $500 million dollars in Facebook. Usually this means that Facebook will fall under Illuminati control soon, just as Myspace and Twitter have.  Other key players in North America are Alex Jones, Bill Clinton, Rahm Emmanuel, of course Obama, and Timothy Geithner  South America is void of any real Illuminati leaders. Hugo Chavez has been difficult to work with in the past. He seems to be in line with the Illuminati agenda; however, he does not like being told what to do. Most of the North American leaders control South America as well.  In Europe:  Nicolas Sarkozy is the main guy. He controls the majority of the operations in Europe and Africa. Gordon Brown was very influential in the Illuminati until he decided to begin playing his way; this is why he was removed from office. My opinion is that he is still a key player, just not as key as he once was. There are several African arms dealer that have recently gained some power; however, I am unaware of their identities.  The Middle East is controlled largely by Benjamin Netanyahu which should not come as much of a surprise. Netanyahu does not have as much control as you would think however. As I have stated before, Israel is the grand puppet state of the Illuminati.They will do absolutely anything that the Illuminati wants them to do, and they will do it to the best of their ability without even thinking twice. Israel has been given the permission to fire upon Iran whenever it wishes to do so. Control of the Middle East is hard because there are so many rebel groups. Palestine should not even be worried about. Although they are not controlled by the Illuminati, they are not able to do anything. Iran is borderline at time, and completely in opposition at others. This is why Israel will destroy Iran to start WWIII.  Asia is controlled entirely by Vladimir Putin and his cronies. Putin is a very powerful, very smart man. He will regain popular control of Russia very soon, but you can be assured that everything that is happening in Russia right now is going through him. China has chosen to give up a little power to the Illuminati. They cooperate; just do not care to become too involved. In my opinion, it is because they feel that they will be able to defeat the Illuminati in the end. They are sadly mistaken. Eventually they will come to terms and will join in the great skit that will be called World War 3.  The Spanish flu of 1918, SARS, and the H1N1 scare all have one thing in common: they all were engineered by the Illuminati. While nothing has been instituted on a global scale, the Illuminati has been testing these viruses for years and they are finally unlocking the keys to creating a virus that will spread across the globe very, very fast killing select people. My advice: do not receive the vaccines. You will become a part of a test group that the Illuminati is using to experiment. The H1N1 virus started to become widespread when animals escaped from a farm in Brazil where the virus was being tested. Several of these animals mingled with citizens of surrounding towns, and many of the animals were consumed. The population of the surround towns were quarantined, and the ones that died were covered up; however, somehow, a traveler had carried the flu virus all the way up into northern Mexico, where the virus was first reported. The Illuminati soon found out that the virus was much, much less ineffective than they thought. They are currently pursuing research on a virus that will wipe out a country within a matter of days.  I hope this data dump has been informational for you and has contributed to my credibility in some way. I have much, much more information. It just takes me time to sit down and father my thoughts long enough to format them in an easily readable and comprehensive manner. This is definitely not my last post, as I have more information that needs to be told. It has been a long, tiring past couple of days, and I hope this is enough information to give me a good rest for awhile. If you have any questions then feel free to post them here, on my youtube account, or email me at walte1944@yahoo.com  This article was originally published in 2015 and is updated regularly  Sources used:  Anonymousmags.com) = 0
(British Prime Minister Theresa May has raised the alarm over the Sergie Skripal case in order to downplay and cover-up a huge child sex abuse scandal, according to journalist Dimitros Lyacos.  The foreign affairs columnist claims Ms. May is hyping the nerve agent attack in order to divert public attention away from the Rotherham child sexual exploitation case.  I dared to say on the air in Cyprus, the former British colony, that the reason behind British PM Theresa Mays brining up [the Skripal case] is  at least according to Moscow  the Brexit problem which she has yet to solve. In a year Britain should withdraw from the EU and pay a huge sum of money to Brussels. And the second reason is a scandal about the rape of more than a thousand underage girls in a [South Yorkshire] provincial town, Lyacos told Radio Sputnik.  Sputniknews.com reports: The journalist specified that the rape incidents remain neglected due to the fact that some of perpetrators were refugees which makes the case highly sensitive for the British authorities.  It was previously reported that over 1,500 children had fallen victim to sex abuse on an unprecedented scale in the South Yorkshire town of Rotherham between 1997 and 2013. According to the 2014 independent inquiry into the child sexual exploitation in the town, the majority of abusers were individuals of Asian origin which prompted fears among local officials to be labeled as racists while tackling the problem.  However, does the sexual violence issue really matter after Russias sudden attack against [Britain]? Lyacos asked wittily.  On Friday morning my colleague from London went on air and began to praise May, who made a general statement [on the Skripal case] along with [German Chancellor Angela] Merkel, [US President Donald] Trump and [President of France Emmanuel] Macron. And then they [Cyprus state-owned broadcaster] addressed me: Dimitros, good afternoon. Whats going on in Moscow? And I began to tell them [about Mays attempt to divert Britons attention away from domestic problems.]. While speaking to them I felt that they were about to say All right, Dimitros, good-bye!'  A week later, Lyacos was replaced with another correspondent to cover the 2018 Russian presidential election. The journalist sent an official letter to the editorial office asking his colleagues to explain the situation, but received no response. At the same time, he believes that the editorial board ceased cooperation with him against its will.  If I were a British ambassador in Cyprus and heard this report, I would react like this: Who allowed him to say such things? Then you can speculate about what could happen. The only thing is that this is not an initiative of my colleagues and my direct supervisors, the journalist said.  On March 4, the police found former spook Sergei Skripal, 66, and his daughter Yulia, 33, unconscious near a shopping center in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England. The Skripals were reportedly poisoned by nerve agent -234.  Sergei Skripal, a former MI6 agent, has been living in Britain since 2010 when he and three other individuals were pardoned by the Kremlin and swapped with 10 Russian intelligence agents, exposed in the US at the time.  Although the inquiry into the poisoning of the former spy has yet to be completed, British Prime PM May groundlessly claimed that it was Moscow who was responsible for the attempted murder of the Skripals. She severed top-level diplomatic ties with Moscow and authorized the expulsion of 23 Russian envoys from the UK which prompted a similar move on the part of Moscow.  Commenting on the British hysteria around the Skripal case, British journalist Rod Liddle dubbed Londons response to the nerve gas attack as an act of self-harm in his recent op-ed for Spectator.  Our response to the Salisbury nerve gas attack has been precipitous, shrill, petulant and an act of self-harm, Liddle wrote on March 24. And already our European allies are  rightly  beginning to row back a little from their original stance of unequivocal support for the UK and refusing to attribute the attack directly to the Kremlin. Thats because they dont know it is attributable to the Kremlin, and frankly nor do we at this stage.  Why not, you know, wait a little? Gather a bit more evidence? the British journalist asked rhetorically.  Meanwhile, 14 EU member states and the US have signaled their willingness to expel Russian diplomats in solidarity with the UK.  Fourteen out of 28 EU member-states have decided to expel diplomats from the Russian Federation as a measure of solidarity with London on the Skripal case, European Council President Donald Tusk told journalists Monday.) = 0
(A 14-year-old student has been arrested and charged for allegedly stealing a carton of milk that he was entitled to have under a free lunch program.  Ryan Turk forgot to grab his drink when queuing for food at the Graham Middle School cafeteria on May 10.  The Virginia teenager then went back and helped himself to a $0.65 carton of milk, for which he now faces prosecution.  The Free Thought Project reports:  Ryans forgetful moment turned into an unforgettable lesson in government gone awry.  A school resource officer saw the teen cutting in line and assumed hed stolen the milk  and accused him of concealing the carton. In defiance, the teen threw the carton back. When Ryan refused the officers orders to see the principle, and remained uncooperative, he was arrested, cuffed, and charged with disorderly conduct and petit larceny.  Over a 65-cent carton of  free lunch program  milk. In a middle school cafeteria. In 2016. Have we really come to this?  Ryan, who insists he did nothing wrong, refused an offer of punishment not involving the court system, and, defying all rationality, now has a court date for November set by a Prince William County judge last week, the Washington Post reported  just days after he turns 15.  Shamise Turk, the teens mother, also asserts her son did nothing wrong by grabbing the milk carton since it should have been included with the free lunch.  Emmett Robinson, an attorney representing the family, says this is a case of targeting and racial discrimination  and that Ryan, who is black, refused to obey the school resource officer because hed done nothing wrong.  No one needs to be punished for stealing a 65-cent carton of milk, Robinson told the Post. This officer treats kids like theyre criminals, and guess what happens  theyre going to become criminals.  Ryan had not been in trouble prior to this arrest.  As the Post points out, a legitimate case for targeting students by race can certainly be made, because, for one, Studies show that black students are subject to more frequent  and harsher  discipline than their peers and that there are biases against them that begin as early as prekindergarten classes.  But the school vehemently disputes the allegations Ryan was targeted because he is black  or that the 65-cent milk carton incident had anything to do with race. Prince William County schools noted both the officer who arrested the teen and the principal of the school are black.  All the key parties involved, including the principal and the police officer, are African American, Prince William County schools spokesman Phil Kavits said in a statement quoted by the Post. The staff members are well known in our highly diverse community for their dedication and caring approach to all students.  Kavits did not elaborate on how, exactly, that caring approach applied in the case of not only arresting, but prosecuting a 14-year-old over a 65-cent carton of milk  even if Ryan had actually stolen it.  Robinson argues racial discrimination isnt necessarily guided by the source  and the race of those involved isnt exclusive of racial profiling. Police forces, such as school resource officers, often have histories of or have faced allegations of racial profiling and discrimination.  Its not the players, its not the people who discriminate; its the whole system, the attorney told the Post. The system is set up now so that school resource officers get to determine the impact on a persons life.  Case-in-point, the disorderly conduct portion of charges Ryan faces were derived from behavior one would expect from a young teenager accused of something he did not do. However, on paper, particularly should he be convicted, disorderly conduct could be interpreted quite negatively in possible future interactions with police.  Prince William Police spokesperson Sgt. Jonathan Perok told the Post that as the officer escorted Ryan to the principals office, he leaned back and pushed against the officer, and when they neared the principal, he attempted to push past the officer to get away.  Worse, the familys account of events contradicts that of the school and police.  Shamise Turk works for the school district and has seen surveillance footage of the incident  and says her son absolutely did not conceal the carton of milk. Ryan explained, according to the Post, he had returned to his seat in the cafeteria when the officer confronted him and went to put it back  but the cop told him to take it with him to see the principal, and then grabbed his neck.  Its just unfair, Ryan told the outlet. Other people did that. One boy, I told him to get one for me before. But when I do, I get in trouble.  The family reiterated they declined to resolve the incident through a nonjudicial diversion program because the middle-schooler is innocent of any wrongdoing.  My son is not going to admit to something he did not do, Shamise asserted.  Innocent or not, the absurdity of prosecuting a 14-year-old for stealing a carton of milk likely not even worth its 65-cent price tag cannot be emphasized sufficiently. Not only are the Turks in a financial situation deeming Ryan worthy of receiving the countys free lunch program, now taxpayers will foot the bill for his criminal prosecution.  Minors charged with misdemeanor crimes arent ordinarily named by the Washington Post, but Ryan and his family wanted to call attention to this case.  In short, no one wins  but at least the world can witness in a direct example the authoritarian shift taking place before our eyes.) = 0
(The British Foreign Office has confirmed the content of a document with proof of alleged Russian involvement in the poisoning of Skripal and his daughter.    They say that it fully reflects the position of British prime minister Theresa May.  The Russian Foreign Ministry has previously stated that the chief executive of Porton Down Defence Science and Technology Laboratory had amount to admitting that the UK was developing combat poisoning substances.  In a statement, they now say that analysis of the Skripals case shows that the UK authorities are not interested in finding out the motives or those responsible for the crime in Salisbury and suggests that the British intelligence services are involved in it.  Sputnik news reports:  The behavior of the British authorities raises many questions. The UK population is itself kept in the dark about the key moments of this announced serious threat of the incident, the total number of victims is unknown, the statements reads.  The ministry has also accused the British lab in Porton Down of hushing up information in the wake of the poisoning of former spy Sergei Skripal.  Information about the fact that the day before the poisoning of Skripals, the center together with the British military conducted exercises, during which the methods of combating chemical and biological contamination were practiced.  In addition to this, throughout the world, London has been developing a campaign to create an absolute presumption of Russias guilt, a statement on the website of the Russian ministry reads.  According to Moscow, London is unable to protect Russian citizens on its soil.  A blatant example of this is, in particular, the poisoning of former FSB officer Alexander Litvinenko, the death under unclear circumstances of Russian businessmen Badri Patarkatsishvili and Alexander Perepilichny, the mysterious suicide of Boris Berezovsky and the strangulation of his business partner Nikolai Glushkov and, finally, the assassination attempt of Sergei Skripal and Yulia Skripal.  The ministry has emphasized that it would consider the poisoning of Skripals as an assassination attempt on the lives of Russians if the opposite was not proved by London.  The statement follows a statement made by the Russian Embassy in the United Kingdom, that earlier accused Gary Aitkenhead, the chief executive of Porton Down Defence Science and Technology Laboratory of amount to admitting that the United Kingdom was developing combat poisoning substances including those that had been used in the so-called attack on Skripal and his daughter Yulia.  Last week, Aitkenhead said that no dangerous chemical could leave four walls of the laboratory because of the highest levels of controls, of security around the work that is being done there.  Moscow Slams Reported Britains Proof on Skripals Poisoning as Mays Fail  The UK Foreign Office has confirmed the content of the reported document with Londons proof of alleged Russian involvement in the poisoning of Skripal, saying that it completely aligns UK Prime Minister Theresa Mays stance on the case.  We are grateful to the Russian MFA for giving this document more prominence. It is a useful run down of the Russian authorities reckless pattern of behaviour over the last few years, including the Salisbury incident, the spokesperson said.  Earlier in the day Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova has said that London and Washington had ignored Moscows request to send it a printed document related to the Skripal case.  In her Facebook page, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova has commented on the Kommersant dailys publication on what she said has prompted the expulsion of Russian diplomats in connection with Skripals poisoning.  This is [UK Prime Minister] Theresa Mays fail. The largest manipulation of the world public opinion has been revealed, and British authorities are involved in it. Just assess it. The decisions on a states responsibility in a chemical attack were made on the basis of six pictures, she wrote.  Earlier, she told Russias NTV Channel that the US and the UK had refused to heed Moscows call to deliver it a printed document pertaining to the Salisbury incident.  The document, which is a sort of Londons explanations on what happened in Salisbury, has never been published by the media, Zakharova said.  She added that the Russian Foreign Ministry had repeatedly tried to obtain the document, sending relevant requests to its British and American colleagues.  We did so publicly but in response we received zero information, she pointed out.  Zakharovas remarks came a few days after more than 100 Russian diplomats have been expelled by about 20 European countries as well as the US, Canada and Ukraine over Moscows alleged involvement in the March 4 poisoning of former Russian intelligence agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in Britains Salisbury.) = 0
(A mysterious beam of green light shooting out from the Earth was captured on a live NASA video stream recently, leaving some stunned viewers suggesting they may have witnessed time-travelling aliens.  The green light, which was hundreds of miles wide, was seen on a live broadcast from the International Space Station (ISS) on Sunday.  In the video, a UFO emerges just above the Earths horizon, followed by the giant green beam. Some viewers of the stream have suggested that the energy beam originated from a UFO leaving the ocean, whilst others think that it could be a wormhole used to transport time-travelling aliens onto their next destination.  Dailymail.co.uk reports:  In the footage, the round object can be seen just to the left of centre. It stays in one position for a short time before ascending upward and off-screen.  The phenomenon was spotted by outspoken alien hunter Scott C. Waring of UFO Sightings Daily earlier this week.  He also points out the subsequent energy beam that shot up from the Earth toward the UFOs former location.  Waring speculates that the UFO was enormous based on the distance between the ISS and the energy beam.  Now this is a bit confusing. Is that a UFO leaving Earthmaybe, we see its [sic] leaving because if you add light to it, the beam gets thinner the farther away it is, Waring writes.  Also a UFO is seen, but its to [sic] small to be the earth, may possibly be Jupiter, since its [sic] very visible in the night sky right now.  Hard call. That light howeverits [sic] thickness its [sic] incredible. Covering a width of hundreds of miles. It must have come from the ocean, and left so fast it left a visible trail for a few seconds, Waring continues.  Thenit could have been a wormhole, a long tunnel to transport someone or something a far distance. We see the tunnel made then disappear. Nothing to worry about, just time traveling aliens.  Sightings of this kind are not uncommon, and Nasa has spoken out in the past to explain that the UFOs and other phenomena spotted in the ISS footage often have simple explanations.  Earlier this month, a Nasa spokesperson told MailOnline: Reflections from station windows, the spacecraft structure itself or lights from Earth commonly appear as artefacts in photos and videos from the orbiting laboratory.  The skies above the home planet are becoming increasingly busy, with communications and research satellites collecting and relaying data for modern life.  The most recent claim comes days after another craft was spotted in an ISS live feed just before the transmission mysteriously went down.  It has prompted debate among conspiracy theorists who believe the feed was cut intentionally as part of an alien cover-up being conducted by Nasa.  In the clip, a glowing horseshoe-shaped object appears to be floating toward the ISS while rotating on the horizon.  The feed is then apparently cut for around an hour before it resumes and a much smaller white light can be seen in the distance.  Conspiracy theorists say this may be the same craft that has since moved away  dismissing the idea that it could be lens flare or even the moon.) = 0
(Brave Vladimir Putin has told senior staff and associates that Queen Elizabeth II is not human but is a reptilian that shapeshifts between human and reptile form and according to sources close to the President he has witnessed her shapeshift in the flesh, before his very eyes, and in his opinion, as a warning to him personally.  Putin met the Queen at the 70th anniversary of the D Day landings in Normandy, France in 2014. He was widely criticised by the Western media for failing to help the monarch up the stairs, and keeping his distance from her in general.  It has now emerged that Putin stayed as far away from the Queen as possible because he witnessed her shapeshift moments earlier.  The Queen has a long reptile face, almost like a beak, and she is a sickly grey dish water color.  She shifted between this form and her human state three or four times while greeting Putin. He also saw her shapeshift later while she was being helped to her position for the world leaders photo op by Barack Obama and New Zealands Governer General Jerry Mateparae.  Her hands turned into reptile hands while they helped her up the stairs. When she smiled her teeth changed into sharp reptile teeth and glistened.  Putin has told senior staff and close associates that he believes she shapeshifted while greeting him as a show of strength and a warning not to mess with the dominant reptilian-Illuminati bloodline of which she is a high priestess.  Putins first hand experiences with the reptilian-Illuminati chime with my own research and second hand accounts. I have dedicated the last five years to researching the elusive, tyrannical powers that rule our world, travelling to over 80 countries, and it never ceases to amaze me how many people from very different walks of life have told me stories about seeing people briefly turn into reptilians before their very eyes.  Ive been told this by Californian news anchors, Ethiopian goatherds, and Australian Aboriginals, just to name a few. A Danish taxi driver described driving past a group of VIP guests at the 2014 Bilderberg meeting in Copenhagen and seeing some of their faces turn reptilian and some of their hands and feet take on a reptilian look.  In Peru a respected psychic told me she sees people in power, like Obama, David Cameron and Hillary Clinton, turn into reptiles whenever she watches an international news channel.  The worlds ruling class have tyrannical control over the mainstream media, as well as our food, water, and air supply, and they are actively dumbing down the masses. The evidence against them, ancient and modern, is enormous and continuing to grow.) = 0
(Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman says he wants the US to extend its military presence in Syria following Donald Trumps declaration that US forces will withdraw from the war-torn country in the very near []) = 0
(An American woman is suing Big Pharma for $2 million after her cat turned autistic as a result of getting a vaccine for the Feline Leukemia Virus (FeLV).  The vaccination is known to cause temporary side effects such as fever and swelling, and in some instances has caused seizures, but the woman from Cincinnati says she believes her cat has suffered permanent damage as a result of the vaccine.  38-year-old Jane Feathers told reporters, It took me several weeks to identify the symptoms. There is hardly any literature on autism in animals so I had to figure this out by myself. It is while watching Jenny McCarthy talk about her sons symptoms on Youtube that I understood why Pickles was so different since he received his shot.  Feathers says she realized something was wrong when her cat began displaying impaired social skills such as the loss of its ability to meow, and when it started to show signs of chronic repetitive behavior.  From that day on he has been like a ghost. He has that dead-empty glare to his eyes. He can spend hours looking at the wall without flinching. The only thing he practically does is line up his dry food pebbles in a straight line, Ive never seen him or any other cat do such a strange thing she said. I had also taught him to say his name, but he obviously cannot do that anymore.  Worldnewsdailyreport.com reports:  Miss Feathers attorney, Mariana Mercedes, believes the plaintiffs case could set a precedent.  No medical intervention is completely risk-free. Vaccines, though they are designed to protect from disease, may include life-threatening allergic reactions, cause seizures, and even death, she explained. Compensation for individuals harmed by vaccines already exist, it has just never been done in the light of domestic animals.  It is common to sue a manufacturer for harm caused by an improperly made vaccine, or to sue a physician for administering a vaccine when it was contraindicated. Why would my defendants case be different because we are talking about a family pet? she asked a local reporter when reached by phone.  As of December 1, 2011, the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program had awarded $2.35 billion in 2,810 separate claims, including compensation for 390 deaths.) = 0
(Strange sky noises were reported in the town of Schwabing, Germany last week, causing panic amongst residents who described the sounds as loud as a helicopter.  According to one resident, the noise was so that loud I telephoned my neighbors, we did not know what it was .  Tz.de reports:  He was searching the Internet for possible clues. And found it. Someone had created a video on You Tube and posted it online. It gave exactly the strange noise and showed a cloud  the cloud is however only seen with a lot of imagination.  The video has 4,372 views already, including comments like: War in Schwabing and have heard the same noise this Thursday! What the hell is that ??  The Munich police are quite amused by the attention the video has been given, but they cannot explain the matter.  On May 12 at 8pm there was no police intervention in the area with helicopters. The helicopter squadron are quite sure that it is not a helicopter at the sound.  There are always mysterious noises. In Steinhring Ebersberger people are suffering from an ominous hum.) = 0
(British Prime Minister Theresa May has raised the alarm over the Sergie Skripal case in order to downplay and cover-up a huge child sex abuse scandal, according to journalist Dimitros Lyacos.  The foreign affairs columnist claims Ms. May is hyping the nerve agent attack in order to divert public attention away from the Rotherham child sexual exploitation case.  I dared to say on the air in Cyprus, the former British colony, that the reason behind British PM Theresa Mays brining up [the Skripal case] is  at least according to Moscow  the Brexit problem which she has yet to solve. In a year Britain should withdraw from the EU and pay a huge sum of money to Brussels. And the second reason is a scandal about the rape of more than a thousand underage girls in a [South Yorkshire] provincial town, Lyacos told Radio Sputnik.  Sputniknews.com reports: The journalist specified that the rape incidents remain neglected due to the fact that some of perpetrators were refugees which makes the case highly sensitive for the British authorities.  It was previously reported that over 1,500 children had fallen victim to sex abuse on an unprecedented scale in the South Yorkshire town of Rotherham between 1997 and 2013. According to the 2014 independent inquiry into the child sexual exploitation in the town, the majority of abusers were individuals of Asian origin which prompted fears among local officials to be labeled as racists while tackling the problem.  However, does the sexual violence issue really matter after Russias sudden attack against [Britain]? Lyacos asked wittily.  On Friday morning my colleague from London went on air and began to praise May, who made a general statement [on the Skripal case] along with [German Chancellor Angela] Merkel, [US President Donald] Trump and [President of France Emmanuel] Macron. And then they [Cyprus state-owned broadcaster] addressed me: Dimitros, good afternoon. Whats going on in Moscow? And I began to tell them [about Mays attempt to divert Britons attention away from domestic problems.]. While speaking to them I felt that they were about to say All right, Dimitros, good-bye!'  A week later, Lyacos was replaced with another correspondent to cover the 2018 Russian presidential election. The journalist sent an official letter to the editorial office asking his colleagues to explain the situation, but received no response. At the same time, he believes that the editorial board ceased cooperation with him against its will.  If I were a British ambassador in Cyprus and heard this report, I would react like this: Who allowed him to say such things? Then you can speculate about what could happen. The only thing is that this is not an initiative of my colleagues and my direct supervisors, the journalist said.  On March 4, the police found former spook Sergei Skripal, 66, and his daughter Yulia, 33, unconscious near a shopping center in Salisbury, Wiltshire, England. The Skripals were reportedly poisoned by nerve agent -234.  Sergei Skripal, a former MI6 agent, has been living in Britain since 2010 when he and three other individuals were pardoned by the Kremlin and swapped with 10 Russian intelligence agents, exposed in the US at the time.  Although the inquiry into the poisoning of the former spy has yet to be completed, British Prime PM May groundlessly claimed that it was Moscow who was responsible for the attempted murder of the Skripals. She severed top-level diplomatic ties with Moscow and authorized the expulsion of 23 Russian envoys from the UK which prompted a similar move on the part of Moscow.  Commenting on the British hysteria around the Skripal case, British journalist Rod Liddle dubbed Londons response to the nerve gas attack as an act of self-harm in his recent op-ed for Spectator.  Our response to the Salisbury nerve gas attack has been precipitous, shrill, petulant and an act of self-harm, Liddle wrote on March 24. And already our European allies are  rightly  beginning to row back a little from their original stance of unequivocal support for the UK and refusing to attribute the attack directly to the Kremlin. Thats because they dont know it is attributable to the Kremlin, and frankly nor do we at this stage.  Why not, you know, wait a little? Gather a bit more evidence? the British journalist asked rhetorically.  Meanwhile, 14 EU member states and the US have signaled their willingness to expel Russian diplomats in solidarity with the UK.  Fourteen out of 28 EU member-states have decided to expel diplomats from the Russian Federation as a measure of solidarity with London on the Skripal case, European Council President Donald Tusk told journalists Monday.) = 0
(A mysterious beam of green light shooting out from the Earth was captured on a live NASA video stream recently, leaving some stunned viewers suggesting they may have witnessed time-travelling aliens.  The green light, which was hundreds of miles wide, was seen on a live broadcast from the International Space Station (ISS) on Sunday.  In the video, a UFO emerges just above the Earths horizon, followed by the giant green beam. Some viewers of the stream have suggested that the energy beam originated from a UFO leaving the ocean, whilst others think that it could be a wormhole used to transport time-travelling aliens onto their next destination.  Dailymail.co.uk reports:  In the footage, the round object can be seen just to the left of centre. It stays in one position for a short time before ascending upward and off-screen.  The phenomenon was spotted by outspoken alien hunter Scott C. Waring of UFO Sightings Daily earlier this week.  He also points out the subsequent energy beam that shot up from the Earth toward the UFOs former location.  Waring speculates that the UFO was enormous based on the distance between the ISS and the energy beam.  Now this is a bit confusing. Is that a UFO leaving Earthmaybe, we see its [sic] leaving because if you add light to it, the beam gets thinner the farther away it is, Waring writes.  Also a UFO is seen, but its to [sic] small to be the earth, may possibly be Jupiter, since its [sic] very visible in the night sky right now.  Hard call. That light howeverits [sic] thickness its [sic] incredible. Covering a width of hundreds of miles. It must have come from the ocean, and left so fast it left a visible trail for a few seconds, Waring continues.  Thenit could have been a wormhole, a long tunnel to transport someone or something a far distance. We see the tunnel made then disappear. Nothing to worry about, just time traveling aliens.  Sightings of this kind are not uncommon, and Nasa has spoken out in the past to explain that the UFOs and other phenomena spotted in the ISS footage often have simple explanations.  Earlier this month, a Nasa spokesperson told MailOnline: Reflections from station windows, the spacecraft structure itself or lights from Earth commonly appear as artefacts in photos and videos from the orbiting laboratory.  The skies above the home planet are becoming increasingly busy, with communications and research satellites collecting and relaying data for modern life.  The most recent claim comes days after another craft was spotted in an ISS live feed just before the transmission mysteriously went down.  It has prompted debate among conspiracy theorists who believe the feed was cut intentionally as part of an alien cover-up being conducted by Nasa.  In the clip, a glowing horseshoe-shaped object appears to be floating toward the ISS while rotating on the horizon.  The feed is then apparently cut for around an hour before it resumes and a much smaller white light can be seen in the distance.  Conspiracy theorists say this may be the same craft that has since moved away  dismissing the idea that it could be lens flare or even the moon.) = 0
(FILE  In this March 7, 2018, file photo, people watch a TV screen showing images of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, right, South Korean President Moon Jae-in, center, and U.S. President Donald Trump at the Seoul Railway Station in Seoul, South Korea. Korean letters on the screen read: Thawing Korean Peninsula. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon, File)  On April 27, North Koreas Kim Jung Un and South Korean President Moon Jae-in will have a face-to-face meeting at their shared border, the nations announced overnight. The top topic at hand: North Koreas nuclear program.  The news comes after a meeting of top officials at the village of Panmunjom on the North and South Korean border. The preliminary talks and planning that have lead to this summit show the hard work of South Koreas Moon, who made improving diplomatic relations with the North a top priority of his administration.  This is no small stride.  From Fox:  The leaders of the two Koreas have held talks only twice since the 1950-53 Korean War, in 2000 and 2007, under previous liberal governments in Seoul. A top South Korean official told reporters that setting up dialogue to eliminate Kims nuclear weapons program would be a critical point of the meeting. Ri Son Gwon, chairman of a state agency that deals with inter-Korean affairs, led the Norths three delegates, saying the past 80 days have been filled with unprecedented historic events between the rivals, referring to the Koreas renewed talks before the Winter Olympics and the agreement on the summit.  North Koreas rather sudden renewed interest in talks this January are largely characterized as a surprise, and as due in no small part to Moon. The subsequent Olympic cooperation was a major sign of the thaw.  Again, it was no small thing.  From CNN:  When Kims sister joined the Pyongyang delegation to the games in February, she was the first member of her family to step onto South Korean soil since the Korean War in the 1950s.  Kim Jong Un and Chinese President Xi Jinping met this week in another diplomatic surprise. Reportedly on the agenda was improving relations ahead of the historic upcoming meeting between Kim and President Donald Trump.  In this photo provided Wednesday, March 28, 2018, by Chinas Xinhua News Agency, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, left, and Chinese President Xi Jinping shake hands in Beijing, China, just days before a similar meeting with South Koreas Moon Jae-in was announced.(Ju Peng/Xinhua via AP)  As streiff pointed out on Wednesday, the notes from after that meeting hold all the tells. China wasnt just meeting with Kim Jong Un. They were making the relationship between the two countries clear before the meeting with Trump. And it is clear before the meeting with Moon.  It is a lot of maneuvering and diplomacy, and its developing over a very short timeline.  President Trump, and notably U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley, put enormous pressure on North Korea in 2017 as Kim rattled his saber. It can hardly escape attention that the cascade of diplomatic rendezvous came nearly directly afterward. Acknowledging that should does take away from the success of Moons efforts. It takes many spears to fell a stubborn beast. It also does not take away from the gravity of the situation. The North Korean threat is still very real. Spears are the great worry for the region and the world, after all.  The talks are happening, though. President Trump is expressing cautious optimism. Having met with China and now to meet with Moon, Kim will go into the meeting with Trump amid a wholly different landscape from the one in which they exchanged insults just months ago.) = 0
(A viral sensation because of his prolific writing resume, videos of arguments against liberal activists, and contentious university speeches, the Daily Wires Ben Shapiro has been a big hit on virtually every available medium.  This includes podcasting, where the Ben Shapiro Show is a huge hit among political podcasts, frequently at the top of the charts. All of this popularity has led a major radio group to syndicate his podcasts on terrestrial radio, POLITICO reports.  Starting on April 2, Westwood One will be syndicating the podcast, called The Ben Shapiro Show, as a one-hour program in several major markets, including New York, Washington, and Los Angeles. The move will bring the 34-year-old Shapiro, often seen as a leading voice of young conservatives, into the same arena as the older generation of conservative talk radio standard-bearers, like Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity. With his 1.27 million Twitter followers and, according to Westwood One, 15 million podcast downloads per month, some observers can see Shapiro rising quickly through the ranks of conservative radio.  Shapiro is no stranger to terrestrial radio. He has subbed in for Mark Levin in the past (and performed well when he did). However, having his own syndicated show is a clear play for a younger conservative audience, one which Shapiro draws across his various platforms.  And while he does not see himself as a competitor to Rush Limbaugh or Sean Hannity, he is a younger face, rising popularity and, perhaps most significantly, a willingness to be critical of President Donald Trump  something the two long-standing voices of conservative radio wont do.  Shapiro is the first real opportunity for younger conservatives to have a voice on talk radio. Many younger conservatives have had to latch on Limbaugh and Hannity because those two were the primary options. However, Shapiro is someone they are more likely to connect with, and that can make all the difference.) = 0
(Baseballs back! Its time to celebrate Opening Day!  President Bush jokes, Friday, April 15, 2005, about a sore arm after throwing out the first pitch for the opening home game of the Washington Nationals Thursday night. Bush was departing the for a day trip to Ohio to speak on Social Security issues. (AP Photo/Ron Edmonds)) = 0
(Sometimes the insanity of the current PC culture is enraging, and other times it is amusing. Increasingly, the news from the progressive left is becoming something that couldnt even be made up by Hollywood. Sometimes the progressive movement just turns in on itself and theres nothing to do but stand back, point and laugh.  It is no secret that the coastal arts community is largely left-leaning and proudly liberal. Hipster millennials in particular seem to derive an inordinate amount of validation in their varying degrees of wokeness. It looks like one art museum is being accused of being a bit too woke, or at least not the right kind of woke.  The Brooklyn Museum announced recently that theyd be housing a new temporary African art exhibit.  And this is who theyve hired to curate:  Kristen Windmuller-Luna is a curator and historian of African arts and architecture and will oversee the exhibit.  As a curator and historian of African arts and architecture, with a specialization in the early modern period and Christian Ethiopia, her work counters myths about African civilizations and artistic production by focusing on cultural specificity, artistic diversity and global historical context. Windmuller-Luna received her Ph.D. and M.A. in Art and Archaeology from Princeton University and her B.A. in the History of Art from Yale University. Kristens vision for a new permanent collection installation that transforms how viewers relate to the arts of Africa is tremendously exciting for us as we near the 100th anniversary of the Brooklyn Museums pioneering exhibition of African art in 1923, said Deputy Director and Chief Curator Jennifer Chi. Drews deep expertise in social and experimental documentary practices during the twentieth and twenty-first centuries will significantly augment our strong collection and will contribute to our history of championing contemporary artists who continue in this vein.  As one can imagine, the commenters (some of whom also complained about the simultaneous hiring of a white photography curator) were less than impressed with the museums choice. The comments ranged from disbelief to outrage.  They need to change the word from curating to columbusing  Great, lets continue to have white people tell the stories of black communities that were colonized by their ancestors, whites dont see anything wrong with this, and this is 2018 and folks wonder why we still have problems on race.  Dear colonizers, What a major disappointment.  the continually oppressed, dispossessed and destroyed.  I dont know if it offers any tiny comfort at all, but this white person has a big problem with this scenario. Descendants of colonizers should not be making decisions about how African stories are told. Additionally, I am absolutely sure that there were either African or African American scholars that applied that were more than competent to hold these positions. Its unbelievable that the Brooklyn Museum has no idea this is a problem!  When expressions like rethink &  reimagine are used for a museum that displays an extensive African  art collection, one would think there would be at least one person of African descent involved.  I find it completely baffling how things like this still happen. Unfortunately, Im no longer surprised by such. #colonizers  Why are white people curating black history?  This is incredibly offensive that the museum cant even comprehend why, on so many levels how ridiculous this is? Seriously. this is an example of moving backwards. Who in the hired them? Who made that choice and why?  I hope the museum realizes they are amplifying racism and marginalization by hiring white people to tell the story of blacks peoples art, culture, history and lived experience.  Genetically Evil, smh! Unapologetically killing, stealing and destroying indigenous cultures all over the world for EVER.  Why? Are yall trolling? Or serious? This is so fucked especially in Brooklyn. Yall know better. Sadly, I will no longer be able to visit the museum.  So the director of a predominantly Sub-Saharan and West African collection studied Christian Ethiopian art and thats the credential you need? I dont think a Monet specialist would fly in an Italian Renaissance wing and those countries at least border! STOP THINKING AFRICA IS JUST ONE BIG MONOLITHIC THING!  This has got to be a joke, right? Is this a Saturday Night Live parody?? Please tell me this is a friggin joke. Two white people are going to, once again, tell the stories of black lives? What kind of trollish BS is this???  Cause they know best. They are the most authenticand understand us more than we can ever understand ourselves.  Also love the juxtaposition of this article with the ads depicting Black/African performance. Black bodies are OK for performing the culture but are not qualified for being the ones hired to critique it, engage it, theorize it. And even if that BS that you couldnt find any qualified applicants were true  All the while Brooklyn becomes a playground that only the wealthy and white can afford. I guess you all just love abstracting Black culture without engaging Black people.  This is a Slap in the Face Toward The African American CommunityYou mean to Tell me..Not One Black Person was Qualified for These Positions.. Utterly Completely Shameful..Jus ShamefulWhen you Know Better..You Do Better!!!!  I have real substantive comments about this story. Ill just echo one commenter:) = 0
(Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen testifies before the Senate Judiciary Committee in Capitol Hill, Tuesday, Jan. 16, 2018, in Washington. ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana)  Yesterday, Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen gave an unprecedented warning to a gathering of foreign diplomats in Washington, DC.:  To those who would try to attack our democracy, to affect our elections, to affect the elections of other countries, to undermine national sovereignty, I have a word of warning: Dont, Ms. Nielsen told an estimated 80 foreign envoys and other officials during a speech last week, according to a person in attendance. Two other people with knowledge of the event confirmed the comments. All three spoke on the condition of anonymity because the remarks were given at a closed-door meeting. It was an unusually stern warning by Ms. Nielsen, and was among the harshest threats of retaliation by a member of President Trumps cabinet. Ms. Nielsen is one of the most outspoken advocates of the administrations policies, and has resisted being drawn into the controversy over Russian meddling during the 2016 election that put Mr. Trump in office. Ms. Nielsen told the dignitaries gathered at Blair House, the presidential guesthouse, that election tampering would be detected and meddling states would suffer consequences, according to the person in attendance.  Im not sure that tampering with electoral systems in a way that can change vote outcomes is a huge risk but the warning is needed. Between the Russian attempt to meddle in the 2016 elections and the Democrats and Trump opponents using that attempted meddling to try to delegitimize Trumps election, we dont need any more attacks on the publics confidence in the process.  What the Trump administration is doing is 180-degrees out from the way the Obama administration stood by and watch what the Russians were doing but were too paralyzed with fear to do anything besides issue a stand down order to the people planning a retaliatory strike against Russia.  The Trump administration is in the process of getting security clearances for state elections officials so they can receive classified threat briefings and will have run vulnerability checks against all state systems before the mid-terms.  The other piece in this puzzle is John Bolton. Where Susan Rice was instrumental in the Obama do nothing strategy, Bolton is known to have a different philosophy:  Speaking last month at the Daniel Morgan Graduate School of National Security, Bolton laid out his proposed strategy to respond to Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election and to Russian aggression around the world. Bolton did not know that, only weeks later, he would be in a position to push his strategy as the top foreign-policy aide to the president. The Trump administration has not done enough to respond to Russias attack on the United States and our democratic institutions, Bolton said, and Putin must pay a heavy price for his actions. I think that this is actually now the perfect time for President Trump to pivot to make it clear that hes not going to permit additional [Russian] meddling, or meddling by any other foreign government in our election process, Bolton said. Whether [the Russians] were trying to collude with the Trump campaign or the Clinton campaign, their interference is unacceptable. Its really an attack on the United States Constitution. The United States should respond in cyberspace and elsewhere, Bolton said, suggesting offensive action against the Russian operatives that perpetrated the interference. Only if the response is overwhelming will Russia and other countries be deterred. I dont think the response should be proportionate, I think it should be very disproportionate, he said.  With DHS and the National Security Adviser leaning forward and predisposed to retaliation and a president that is politically incapable of not retaliating, the price of meddling in the mid-terms for any foreign actor has suddenly become very high.) = 0
(From the diaries    Senator Cruz is a Twitter master. I see RedState front page contributors point this out pretty often, but they missed one yesterday.  Teds liberal Democrat opponent in November Beto ORourke is what we in Texas like to call the light work. He doesnt quite fit in, and beating him wont be a problem, even acknowledging Boyd R. Burkes analysis.  The problem with him is hes hard left. The no problem in the election is that Ted wont let that go away. Remember what I said about ORourke not fitting in? Well thats in Texas. But there is a place hed fit in great, and Senator Cruz knows where that is.  First Rosie, then Chuck Schumer, now Joe Kennedy. Rep. Beto ORourkes hard-left campaign would make him a lock to win a Senate seat in Massachusetts. #GodBlessTexas https://t.co/FD9p0Q9xJg  Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) March 28, 2018  Yeup.  Whats great about this tweet is he could just make the point that this is a liberal Senator move, but he drives the knife in. Hed be a lock to win and #GodBlessTexas .. its perfectly crafted.  Most of Teds tweets are.  Maybe some folks dont like Cruz, but I think hes just right. Hell, there are some people you just dont want to like you, you know?  Another win for Senator Cruz. Of course.) = 0
(When it comes to the cheery demons at Americas infant abattoir, Planned Parenthood, they have a pronounced problem being with it. Amazingly, being an abortion provider is not a natural fit for humor, wit, or broad popular relevance.  They are natural scolds, as leftists tend to be. So anyone who makes fun of them is met, of course, with the harshest of social activist rebukes. But theyre also desperate for affection. So when the organization itself tries to be hip, pop culture savvy, or just edgy, they come off looking oblivious, weird, and without fail, absolutely tone-deaf.  As a test case let us look at the organizations affiliate site in Keystone, Pennsylvania. Yesterday they tried being Buzzfeed-y by tweeting about kids movies. And not just any, but the always hot feminism proving ground, Disney Princesses.  It didnt go well.  Though the tweet was deleted in just a matter of hours, it has lived on in screenshots and Twitter back-and-forths and, Im sorry to say, terrible Jezebel articles (as if there are any other kind of Jezebel articles).  Heres the tweet:    As I said, deleted in mere hours. So, even as they predictably terminated the Tweet before the day came to a full term, what you see forever preserved is a brain-dead attempt at achieving the lefts most coveted status: part of the conversation.  If you doubt my characterization of this as a fail, just take a peek at the ratio to get a sense of them getting smoked over this Tweet.  That the nations abortion provider has any business entering into cultural discussions, especially those regarding childrens entertainment, is beyond tasteless  it is laughably inept. The group tasked with eliminating children has opinions on movie content for movies that would suffer because the audience is smaller, as a direct result of their handiwork. It is a self-defeating enterprise.  If abortions are, as the PPFA PR spin doctors attempt to sell, a relatively small amount of the services they provide, then why are they so focused on promoting abortions? Why is this mere medical procedure that is a small part of what they do so vitally relevant that it requires a Disney princess discussing her health and sex life?  They cook their numbers to make the case that abortions are such a small percentage of their provided service, but that is belied by the ardent manner in which it defends, and lobbies for, this supposedly trivial service.  Of course, its not small. It is what makes them who they are. Abortion is their flagship. It is abortion that gets their donations, it is abortion that gets celebrity devotion, it is abortion that keeps the lights on. And by lights I mean both the ones in their offices and the ones on the cameras they covet. Abortion is their storyline. Its their plot, their reason for being, their very essence.  Thats why Planned Parenthood attempts to infect childrens programming with its message.  And its why they want to be culturally relevant, part of the conversation. Activist and intersectional and feminist and edgy.  I mean, look at it. Beyond the cement-headed sentiment of introducing abortion to kids shows, look over the rest of the suggested backstory traits for the Disney Princesses; Pro-choice, Trans, Undocumented, and Union worker. Those are the classic social justice/activist disruptor topics. And of course, utterly leftist and Democrat.  Interestingly, these promoted subjects seem to contradict the claim by PPFA President Cecile Richards when she said of their group, Were non-partisan.  The primary question I have however centers more on the audacity of them making insistent demands on the creative content of others. The creative arts are, after all, my business.  Sure, it seems obvious why they would suggest that childrens movies carry their messaging. Indoctrination is always the preferred method of forwarding leftism. History has a thousand examples. Whats notable here, then, is not that they are propagandists or wish to subvert elementary school children, but rather its that they want this done by proxy.  Its dismayingly typical that the attempt here was to inflict their poisonous subject matter upon the Disney company. As they want to coerce the most successful family entertainment company to mold plot lines around their preferred content, note what Planned Parenthood is not doing: They are unwilling to produce their own films filled with their desired societal standards. And this is for good reason.  Rather than try to force other studios to bend to their will, why does Planned Parenthood resist making their own motion picture? They clearly have the funds to support the budget of a film. On an annual basis they channel millions into campaigns, lobbying, and other outside influencing efforts. This non-profit organization sits on a bankroll in excess of $1 billion. A fairly heady total for a group supposedly strapped for cash and requiring tax funds.  So why not toss say, $20 million towards a modest budget and produce its own animated kids film, one populated with heroic abortion princesses and evil pro-life princes?  Because they know it would be a commercial disaster! Of course it would. Like any other group that tries to shoehorn  or sledgehammer  its activist agenda into conventional entertainment, PPFA refuses to create its own product for public consumption because they know the public has no interest in consuming it.  It is far more commercially expedient to retain its own money and try to shame or browbeat others into guiltily including their agenda. Better to threaten than to create. After all, thats the one thing Planned Parenthood is definitely NOT about: Creating. They go decidedly the other way.   for additional insight, and bad film coverage, tail me on Twitter @MartiniShark) = 0
(I believe what happened in Parkland Florida on Valentines Day was an unspeakable, horrific act of evil. Any student or teacher who survived that ordeal has every right and reason to be angry and upset. Nevertheless, that anger must be properly directed in order to be turned into effective action that will, in the end, save lives and improve school safety. Righteous indignation is not what we see from the self-proclaimed spokesman for students for gun control, David Hogg. Hogg has engaged in incredibly nasty political rhetoric, which is not meaningfully aiding anybodys cause.  David Hogg and other left-wing anti-gun zealots are pushing a liberal political agenda, not trying to prevent future mass murders. In fact, in a recent conversation on gun control highlighted by Real Clear Politics, Hogg said that white privilege is standing in the way of gun control. He went on to tell other activists in a roundtable discussion that if this happened in a place of lower socio-economic status or a place like a black community, no matter how well those people spoke, I dont think the media would cover it the same. With these statements, parroting liberal talking points, Hogg equated the NRA and private gun ownership with white supremacy.  It is difficult to accept that David Hogg is coming up with this stuff on his own. This young man is spewing a bunch of leftist talking points that no traumatized survivor of a mass shooting would spout. His actions, far from serving as a catalyst for positive public change, are dividing Americans along political boundaries. Private gun ownership is not the enemy of public safety, nor is it the privilege of one race or ethnicity; it is a constitutionally protected natural right to self-defense.  The Left is trying to fully exploit the Parkland shooting to push their anti-gun agenda, not secure our schools. The reality is much different than David Hoggs hyperbole about kids risking their lives by going to school. According to the National Institute of Justice, school crime rates have decreased dramatically since the 1990s. While there has been a slight uptick in school violence from 2010-2013, the overall rate of school crime and student victimization has decreased 70% since 1992. This mirrors a national trend that has seen violent crime, particularly murder, decrease dramatically since the early 1990s. Not coincidentally, private gun ownership has risen during the same 30 year period.  Private gun ownership is a public safety imperative. Gun control measures that unilaterally disarm the innocent shapes a balance of power in favor of those intent on committing violent crimes in the first place. If we want to see further decreases in violent crime in schools and communities, then expanding right to carry privileges for law-abiding citizens is the answer. Armed guards at schools, and teachers and administrators being allowed to exercise their concealed weapons permits on campus, are the best measures to protect public safety.  Following the advice of former Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens that we repeal the Second Amendment, which he calls a relic of the 18th century, would lead to more lost lives and the loss of American liberty.) = 0
(For years, people have been warning about the dangers of an electromagnetic pulse (EMP), and what might happen if one was detonated somewhere over the continental U.S., knocking out the power grid and sending the country into chaos as tech and electronic systems began to fail en masse.  Well the city of Atlanta has just been the victim of an attack that might provide some insight  although not nearly as disastrous as an EMP would be  into what a system failure might look like as they struggle back from a ransomware attack, where computer users were denied access to their systems until a ransom of $51,000 was paid that, six days later, still has some city officials filling out forms by hand.  Residents cant pay their water bill or their parking tickets. Police and other employees are having to write out their reports by hand. And court proceedings for people who are not in police custody are canceled until computer systems are functioning properly again. More than six days after a ransomware attack shut down the city of Atlantas online systems, officials here are still struggling to keep the government running without many of their digital processes and services. The city said on Twitter that all court dates set for Wednesday will be rescheduled and all applications for jobs with the city are suspended until further notice.  While city officials and employees are being fairly mum about the specifics of the attack while its being investigated by a firm of cyberspecialists, the city is still trying to get their bureaucratic systems back online. Or, as the Atlantic noted in their piece , the boring stuff.  In a statement, Atlantas mayor, Keisha Lance Bottoms, assured citizens that utility and safety systems, like police and water, are unaffected. She also noted, This is a massive inconvenience to the city. Tell me about it. This is the new, humdrum reality of information-security breaches. When they dont leak reams of personal information for theft and resale on the black market, they make ordinary life annoying in small but important ways.  Its true the cyberattack in Atlanta seems to have been most destructive to the writing hands of city employees, as CNN notes in their coverage.  We have teams that are going to every single department, Atlanta Chief Operating Officer Richard Cox said Monday. Were mapping out the manual processes so that we position ourselves to take care of the city and keep it running if this is to go into the future.  In other words, some city officials are filling out forms by hand. Asked how long such a process is sustainable, Bottoms cracked a joke. Well, it was a sustainable model until we got computer systems, so  for some of our younger employees, it will be a nice exercise in good penmanship. However, the length of time its taken to being systems back up and the number of systems and processes affected should serve as a warning that when hackers decide to infect a city, they can spread their destruction around. Which could be much more than an inconvenience should they decide to attack something a little more critical than the boring bureaucratic stuff.) = 0
(Editor's Choice  The laudable ideals of due process and equality have been commandeered by five members of the Supreme Court to remake, in their own image, the oldest and most fundamental institution marriage. That is the immediate result of the Courts five-four decision in Obergefell v. Hodges. Justice Kennedy, for the majority writes: the right to marry is a fundamental right inherent in the liberty of the person and under the Due Process and Equal Protection Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment couples of the same-sex may not be deprived of that right and liberty. There are so many things on so many levels wrong with the Kennedy Opinion that it inspired, in the four dissenting justices, a level of outrage that is not normally found issuing from high court judges. Are they justified in what they wrote? Sadly, the answer is yes.  Justice Scalia says the opinion is lacking even a thin veneer of law. He calls it a judicial Putsch, that is, a sudden overthrow of the rules which governed this area of law. He says that the majority is entirely comfortable concluding that every State violated the Constitution for all of the 135 years between the Fourteenth Amendments ratification and Massachusettss permitting of same-sex marriages in 2003. They have discovered in the Fourteenth Amendment a fundamental right overlooked by every person alive at the time of ratification, and almost everyone else in the time sinceminds like Thomas Cooley, John Marshall Harlan, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr., Louis BrandeisFelix Frankfurter  Roberts agrees. He points out that Kennedy fails to give even a nod to the longstanding reluctance of the modern Court to judicially fashion new implied substantive rights out of the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. Its most noteworthy venture into creating implied substantive rights was Roe v. Wade and the rancorous litigating about that decision continues today, forty years later! That is the reason why the Court has generally insisted, that when an implied fundamental right is claimed anew under the Due Process Clause, the utmost care must be observed. Otherwise the Due Process Clause can be transformed into the policy preferences of the Members of the Court. Unfortunately, Roberts and his fellow dissenters believe that this is exactly what has happened in Obergefell. Roberts: The right[the majority]announces has no basis in the Constitution or this Courts precedentsthe majoritys decision is an act of will, not legal judgment.  When Roberts speaks of the lack of connection this decision has with precedent, he is identifying two more failings of the opinion. First, opinion recounts the changes in the outlook of Americans toward homosexual unions and includes the personal narratives of three of the homosexual parties to the suit. Frankly, however, this is irrelevant to the question of whether there is a right to same-sex marriage. Secondly, the precedents Kennedy cites do not point to gay marriage as a fundamental right. Loving v. Virginia is a good example of a case repeatedly referred to by the Court but which says absolutely nothing about same-sex marriage. It is a case which found Virginias criminal ban on inter-racial marriages unconstitutional. This case and others do not hold, of course, that anyone who wants to get married has a constitutional right to do soNone of the laws at issuepurported to change the core definition of marriage as the union of a man and woman. Justice Kennedy also refers to the case which struck down the Texas criminal sodomy lawLawrence v. Texas. Once again the state laws at issue in Obergefellbanning same-sex marriageas Robertss points out, create no crime and impose no punishment. Same-sex couples remain free to live together These unconvincing efforts ring empty when the cases cited are closely scrutinized. They amount to what Justice Scalia describes as mummeries, that is a showy performance that has no real content.  Besides providing a wobbly structure of precedent, the majority seriously undermines both federalism and the democratic process with this decision. The issue of same-sex unions had been considered and was being considered by individual states. This is nothing new for the states which, until now, have had the responsibility of defining marriage. State legislators are experienced at considering the benefits and costs of changes in this important institution of marriage. They are used to weighing the sentiments, convictions, and apprehensions of their constituents and responding accordingly. Our Founders wisely left such matters to the individual states, acting through their chosen representatives, because those state legislators were closest to the cultural pulse of the people affected. But the Courts majority, in what Scalia calls an act of hubris, puts a stop to the public debate over same-sex marriage which displayed American democracy at its best. Roberts adds: Stealing this issue from the people will for many cast a cloud over same-sex marriage, making a dramatic social change that much more difficult to accept. Scalia continues: This is a naked judicial claim to legislativeindeed, super-legislativepower; a claim fundamentally at odds with our system of government. Justice Alito agrees: If the issue of same-sex marriage had been left to the people of the States, it is likely that some States would recognize same-sex marriage and others would notThe majority today makes that impossible.  Furthermore, the Kennedy opinion casts a foreboding shadow on the religious liberty of Americans of religious faith. In what Justice Thomas calls a weak gesture toward religious liberty, the majority opinion allows persons of faith to continue to advocate with utmost, sincere conviction that, by divine precepts, same-sex marriage should not be condoned Justice Kennedy continuing: The First Amendment ensures that religious organizations and persons are given proper protection as they seek to teach the principles that are so fulfilling and so central to their lives and faiths Justice Thomas: Religious liberty is about freedom of action. In other words, people of faith seek to live their lives in every realm according to the Scriptures, in their schools, workplaces, businesses. This is where they need protection from the heavy hand of the federal and state governments, not just in the sanctity of their Sunday school rooms, churches and synagogues. Had the majority allowed the definition of marriage to be left to the political processas the Constitution requiresthe People could have considered the religious liberty implications of deviating from the traditional definition [of marriage]Instead, the majoritys decision short-circuits that process, with potentially ruinous consequences for religious liberty.  In conclusion, the harm done to the standing of the Court in much of the publics eye is another troubling result of this decision. Justice Scalia: The stuff contained in todays opinion has to diminish the Courts reputation for clear thinking and sober analysis. Justice Alito: [A]ll Americans, whatever their thinking on that issue, should worry about what the majoritys claim of power portends. Justice Roberts: The Courtorders the transformation of a social institution that has formed a basis for human society for millenniaJust who do we think we are?  Dr. John A. Sparks is the retired Dean of Arts & Letters, Grove City College, Grove City, Pennsylvania and a Fellow in the Center for Vision & Values at Grove City College. He is a graduate of the University of Michigan Law School and a member of the State Bar of Pennsylvania. He is a frequent contributor to the Center for Vision & Values on U.S. Supreme Court developments.) = 0
(There are a lot of magazines stores could prominently display in their checkout aisle. Some mainstays are home and garden magazines, coloring books, fashion and/or celebrity magazines.  However, one we consistently see is Cosmopolitan. This is a magazine famous for making women feel like something below dog excrement while plastering the word SEX in bold, large letters on its cover so that your eye is instantly drawn to it. Almost every store that sells it has an issue prominently displayed where you can grab it, flip through, and throw it on the conveyor as an impulse buy at the checkout line.  But not at Walmart. Not anymore.  According to the National Center on Sexual Exploitation, a group that has been hammering Walmart to remove the overtly sexual magazine where children can easily find it and read it, they scored the victory by, not appealing to the morality angle, but by the #MeToo angle.  This is what real change looks like in our #MeToo culture, and NCOSE is proud to work with a major corporation like Walmart to combat sexually exploitative influences in our society, said Dawn Hawkins, Executive Director of NCOSE.  Cosmo sends the same messages about female sexuality as Playboy. It places womens value primarily on their ability to sexually satisfy a man and therefore plays into the same culture where men view and treat women as inanimate sex objects, she noted.  Further, Cosmo targets young girls by placing former Disney stars on its covers, despite the enclosed sexually erotic articles which describe risky sexual acts like public, intoxicated, or anal sex in detail, she added. Customers should not be forced to be exposed to this content when they are trying to check out at the store.  There is confusion as to whether or not this was in fact done in response to the #MeToo movement, or if it was Walmart using that as an excuse to take Cosmo down without too much backlash in order to make the store more family oriented. Walmart issued a statement saying this was purely a business decision, but that complaints from customers had been heard.  Make of it what you will, but the bottom line is that one of the most radical feminist magazines has lost prime placement. While Walmart might hardly feel a bump from the loss of Cosmos ability to make women impulse buy it, Cosmo will take a huge hit from losing its place in the magazine rack of one of the most frequented stores in America.  And good thing too. Cosmo is a trashy magazine that has in the past attempted to normalize sibling incest, and promote anal sex. This sounds like content youd more than likely find in the restricted section of gas stations, but Cosmo puts that front and center in stores where families buy groceries.  Many wont be sad to see Cosmo go. In fact, people might be glad enough to see it go that as Ed Morrissey of Hot Air points out, other chains may follow:  The bigger problem for Cosmo is that other retailers might make the same moves  Target for one, supermarkets and large-chain convenience stores, too. Rite Aid and Food Lion fell into line three years ago, well before Harvey Weinstein got exposed. Without those impulse buys, can the magazine survive? And which magazines will get to take that prime real estate that Cosmo occupied? Im betting it wont be Boys Life.) = 0
(Parkland survivor, David Hogg, is at it again.  By at it again, Im talking about doing something youd expect from a teenager. All the leader of a movement talk has perhaps gone to his head.  Then again, Fox News Laura Ingraham did poke him with a stick.  To be specific, Ingraham pointed out a piece from the Daily Wire on Wednesday that highlighted Hoggs stating hed been turned down by multiple indoctrination centers colleges, even though he has a 4.2 GPA (She said 4.1, but the story has it as 4.2).  David Hogg Rejected By Four Colleges To Which He Applied and whines about it. (Dinged by UCLA with a 4.1 GPAtotally predictable given acceptance rates.) https://t.co/wflA4hWHXY  Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) March 28, 2018  Its not that he wasnt accepted to any colleges, at all. Hes been accepted to several schools around Florida.  He had his heart set on UCLA or some other California school, apparently.  Hogg lashed out after seeing Ingrahams post, and as tends to be the way these days, called for a boycott of Ingrahams sponsors.  Working on a list rn !  David Hogg (@davidhogg111) March 29, 2018  Of course, there was a great swell of outrage from the left over Ingrahams tweet.  Just a Fox News host attacking a school shooting survivor for getting rejected from colleges. What a world. https://t.co/i0HYUpLHgN  Matthew Nussbaum (@MatthewNussbaum) March 28, 2018  I have to ask  @IngrahamAngle  honestly, what kind of a mother bullies a HS student who survived a school shooting and a massacre? These kids know more about grace and class than you'll ever understand. https://t.co/I8s4bhBcr0  Rep. Nydia Velazquez (@NydiaVelazquez) March 28, 2018  1. The constant barrage of nasty personal attacks against the Parkland student activists is both startling & proof of their effectiveness. https://t.co/7dtJF8wINz  Jeet Heer (@HeerJeet) March 28, 2018  It wasnt that bad.  Hogg displayed an attitude of entitlement and arrogance, it would be almost criminal not to say something about it.  In the TMZ video that caught Ingrahams attention, Hogg rails about how many schools have rejected him, then ends by saying, Were changing the world. Were too busy.  Hogg doesnt realize the government-sanctioned gun grabbing he and his friends are pushing for has been tried before. He and the others are just the latest tactic being used, and when the desired outcome does not materialize, the same anti-2A power players who are backing them now will just as quickly dump them back into obscurity.  Thats just the harsh reality behind every leftists cause.  As for the boycotts, this will likely have the opposite effect. After Saturdays anti-NRA/anti-Second Amendment rally, the NRA noted a spike in membership and donations. At best, Hogg has created a list of businesses for those opposed to his message to support.) = 0
(Dear Mike:  Like a lot of people, I saw clips of your interview with Colion Noir on NRATV the other day and all the ensuing responses. Ive been watching the backlash from fans and the black community who claim you sold out by sitting down for a rational discussion about your civil rights with another black man.  Im glad you clarified things but it makes me a bit angry that people were so condescending to you, as if youre so stupid that you just didnt know who you were sitting down with. Thats offensive. Youre not even close. In allowing that one dialogue, you already know more about the organization and the people it represents than any of the people who are calling you a chump. At least you did the legwork, know what I mean?  But I dont blame you for retreating from that interview, even though it looked to me like an intelligent and thoughtful exchange. It can feel weird to suddenly become a poster-child for the opposition by mistake. You immediately, and rightfully feel misunderstood. It must be disorienting for a performer who is used to being desired and adored by fans who appreciate your art.  As a black woman in conservative media, I long ago stopped obsessing over the hate mail and insults and threats. It comes with the job and is mostly just background noise at this point. But again, thats my job. It most certainly isnt yours. You have every right to be bothered by all of this nonsense.  I guess I just wanted to tell you that even though the hate seems louder than anything right now, there are many people who arent Right and White who heard your words and breathed a sigh of relief. The reason your interview took off is because you spoke for some folks who dont have a voice. Im sure you can remember the first time you heard your favorite artist or celebrity or someone you admired speak your own experience out loud. It felt good!  Trending Kira Davis  Yes! Someone gets it! you probably said (but Im sure you made it sound much cooler than my nerd-speak).  The positivity you received was largely based on that feeling for a lot of people, but the squeaky wheel gets the grease. Those who just wanted to use your words as a tool to hammer home a point get the most press because thats what we do in the press  we amplify squeaky wheels. Its a lot sexier than reasoned debate.  I think what saddens me the most about the backlash is that in our rush to scold you for letting yourself be used (which I do not think you did), the very valid points you made on behalf of the black community were lost. People were more concerned about the image than the truth.  We really do need to have a larger discussion about why a mainstream media that claims to care so much about diversity and oppression willfully ignores the tragedies happening within black communities across our country. We do need to talk about why the tears of a white mother seem so much more engaging to the tv talking heads than the tears of a black mother. We do need to talk about the unique issues black Americans face in their everyday lives and how the protection of our civil rights (and dont forget, the Second Amendment is a civil right) is still a looming issue in our homes and families.  We really do need to talk about the freedom to make our own choices, even if theyre choices elite white folks with Harvard degrees dont understand. We really do need to talk about how our civil rights protect us from well-meaning white people who have never taken the time to actually get to know any of the people of color they claim to stand for.  You brought up all kinds of interesting and necessary questions that have just been lost in the temper tantrum of social media trolls, and I find that desperately disappointing.  I dont expect you to deal with these pressures the same way I do, as Ive already said. You have a brand and a livelihood to protect and who am I to tell you how to do that?  But Im 43 years old, and Ive spent a lot of my life trying to live up to the expectations of other people who have made judgments about me based on no other factors but how I look. I spent much of my youth apologizing for myself, as if I were some deformity of nature.  When I became a mother and began to take the idea of serving others more seriously, I think that is when I finally started to understand that other people arent required to understand my choices or my life. Other people arent required to approve those things. My successes and failures will not come from the outside. They will be a direct consequence of my own decisions, my personality, my resilience, my faith, my perseverance.  In short, I finally figured out that I never need to apologize for myself to make people like me. They do or they dont.  And I guess thats the advice I wanted to share with you. I have no advice for you on how to deal with all the hatred and the weird press, but as a person I say,  YOU DO YOU!  Youre a successful man with a brain and a heart and you should never need to apologize for that. Some people will get youothers wont. But it isnt your job in life or in business to make sure every person perfectly understands every nuance of your opinions and personality. Furthermore, when you spend too much time doing that, you validate the haters who are really just jealous of your success. None of those people will be there for you in the dark times, none of them were there for you on the way up. Theyre faceless social media mouths. They know nothing about you, who loves you, who you love, who you help and serve, where youve failednothing.  Again, theres absolutely nothing wrong with wanting to clarify some things and ease the rage. I just wanted to let you know that you have no obligation to do so. Your talent and dedication to your family will ultimately speak for themselves and sometimes its just better to let them do just that. You owe no one anything  no conservative, no liberal, no fanmaybe the wretched tax collector but well all forever owe that d***head.  As a fan and a mother, let me just say what you said in that interview really resonated with me and I also gained a new level of respect for you for doing what too many people refuse to do these days  sitting down for a respectful exchange with someone you might disagree with.  As a grown woman, let me just say again:  YOU DO YOU! You never need to apologize for the glories of you!) = 0
(Over 18 million people tuned in for the premiere of the "Roseanne" reboot Tuesday night on ABC. President Trump, who knows a thing or two about ratings, having hosted the popular "The Apprentice" on NBC for years, called the star's show to congratulate her.  Roseanne Barr's character on the show is a bold Trump supporter, as is the star in real life. Even before she was thanking the president for "Making America Great Again" or calling Hillary Clinton "liar, liar pants on fire" on the sitcom, Barr was standing up for Trump on Twitter and multiple talk shows. Just last week, she sparred with Jimmy Kimmel, telling him to "zip his f***ing lip" and let her defend the president.  Trump, obviously thankful for Barr's minority voice in Hollywood, told her Wednesday how "happy" he was for her successful show, according to the actress.  "It was pretty exciting, I'll tell you that, they said, 'Hold please for the President of the United States of America' and that was about the most exciting thing ever and it was very sweet of him to congratulate us," Barr said. "We talked about a lot of things, he is just happy for me," she continued. "I have known him for many years and he has done a lot of nice things for me over the years and it was just a friendly conversation about work and television and ratings." (NBC News)  Donald Trump, Jr. gave Roseanne and her costars kudos as well.  Wow amazing. Congrats @therealroseanne. If youre not too busy already maybe work in a late night show too... seems theres some demand for an alternate viewpoint. #Rosanne https://t.co/JNaLjxS0fs  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) March 28, 2018  Judging by ratings, the "Roseanne" reboot was clearly the most popular of the past year's resurrected TV shows. The original "Roseanne" aired on ABC from 1988 to 1997.) = 0
(Its been a long time coming  well, it feels like its been a long time coming, but the Steele dossier has really only been exhausting us since June of 2016  but the Department of Justice Inspector General has decided to formally investigate allegations of abuse by the agency of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, and its associated court.  The FISA court is, of course, where warrants were obtained to spy on Carter Page, former adviser to President Donald Trump, using the now-largely debunked Steele dossier which contained little more than unverified and highly salacious claims. The dossier was created by a former British intelligence officer, Michael Steele, who was under the employ of a firm being paid by Hillary Clinton via the Democratic National Committee.  Republican lawmakers and Attorney General Jeff Sessions have been engaged in a letter-writing campaign in recent weeks in an attempt to convince the DOJs internal watchdog to investigate what they considered abuse of the secretive court. They allege that the unverified dossier was created by a political opponent in an attempt to smear Donald Trump pre-2016 election, ostensibly to hurt his chances of winning; and then post-election to damage his reputation.  The Department of Justices internal watchdog announced Wednesday that it will review the DOJ and FBIs compliance with the law and their own policies related to applications for secret surveillance warrants made related to a certain U.S. person, in response to requests from Attorney General Jeff Sessions and members of Congress. The DOJ did not name the certain U.S. person, but some Republican members of Congress have asked DOJ Inspector General Michael Horowitz to look into how the DOJ and FBI obtained warrants under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) against former Trump campaign aide Carter Page.  The House of Representatives Intelligence Committee conducted their own investigation and released a memo detailing their findings  notably that the FISA court was, indeed, abused by members of the FBI and the DOJ  which led Sessions to declare that he would push to investigate the matter further. The IGs announcement formalizes that intent.  As part of this examination, the [Office of the Inspector General] also will review information that was known to the DOJ and the FBI at the time the applications were filed from or about an alleged FBI confidential source. Additionally, the OIG will review the DOJs and FBIs relationship and communications with the alleged source as they relate to the FISC applications, the DOJ IG said in its release Wednesday. If circumstances warrant, the OIG will consider including other issues that may arise during the course of the review.) = 0
(There is a saying that bad facts make for bad law, but sometimes bad facts just show that youre defending the indefensible.  For the past several months, a guy named Miguel Perez has been a cause clbre for the anti-deportation-of-immigrant-felons caucus. From Senator Tammy Duckworth:  Upon learning of the imminent deportation of fellow combat Veteran Miguel Perez Jr., U.S. Senator Tammy Duckworth (D-IL) requested an urgent update on the removal proceedings and asked U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen to personally review Perezs case. I was alarmed to learn this morning that Mr. Perez Montes removal from the United States is imminent and may be carried out today at OHare International Airport, Duckworth wrote in the letter to Nielsen. As ICE continues to hastily and aggressively pursue the deportation of this Veteran who served our nation in uniform, I am urgently appealing to you to stay his deportation and personally review his case. Beyond the injustice ICE has laid on Mr. Perez Montes in his deportation, I would find it shocking to learn that he will potentially be leaving with nothing but the clothes on his back. This is a deplorable way to treat a Veteran who risked his life in combat for our nation. Duckworth wrote several letters of support for Perezs retroactive citizenship application. The Senator also introduced a private bill last month to help her fellow combat Veteran remain in the United States. Perez is an immigrant who grew up in Illinois and served two tours of duty in Afghanistan during Operation Enduring Freedom. He has lived in the United States as a Legal Permanent Resident since the age of 11, but never became a citizen during his time in the military. On July 3, 2002, President George W. Bush signed an executive order authorizing all noncitizens who have served honorably in the U.S. Armed Forces on or after September 11, 2001, to file for U.S. Citizenship. Perez was not offered support from the U.S. Army to Naturalize as a U.S. Citizen on two separate occasions during his service: prior to his April 2003 deployment to Afghanistan, and upon his return from that deployment in October 2003. Perezs parents and children are U.S. Citizens.  This is some cold sh**, right? I mean here is a resident alien, a vet with two combat tours, just being swept up off the streets by the jackbooted thugs of ICE and deported.  ICE has arrested a U.S. army veteran who served two tours of duty in Afghanistan and has two U.S. citizen children. His name is Miguel Perez Jr. and he has lived in the U.S. since he was 8 years old https://t.co/xheimPemlO  Spencer Woodman (@spencerwoodman) February 1, 2018  Unfortunately, Duckworth really doesnt have a leg to stand on in making this argument.  Perez entered the country legally at age 8. He had the opportunity to naturalize at age 18 and elected not to do so. I dont know whether it was a conscious decision or indifference or ignorance but he didnt need to serve in the military to become a U. S. citizen.  The executive order Duckworth refers to has a key word. Honorably. Perez received a general discharge for drug use.  Then Perezs troubles really started.  On Nov. 26, 2008, while with that friend, Perez handed a laptop case containing cocaine to an undercover officer. Perez pleaded guilty to the drug charge and served half of a 15-year prison sentence. While Perez was convicted of delivering less than 100 grams of cocaine, prosecutors have said he was arrested for delivering much more and received a reduced sentence after a plea deal. Prosecutors also pointed out that Perez was given a general discharge from the military after a drug infraction. Perez said he discovered the citizenship oversight when he was summoned to immigration court shortly before his September 2016 release from Hill Correctional Center in Galesburg. Instead of heading home to Chicago from prison, Perez was placed in the custody of Immigration and Customs Enforcement and transferred to a Wisconsin detention center for immigrants awaiting deportation.  The Houston Chronicle says he actually carried two kilograms of cocaine, so getting it bid down to less than a 100 grams was quite a bargain.  So, to recap. He was eligible to apply for citizenship after his 18th birthday. He didnt. He was eligible to become a citizen while on active duty. He didnt. He was kicked out of the military. He was busted with two kilos of coke. He served seven years of a 15-year sentence in a federal prison. He was released. ICE had his green card revoked and ordered him deported. And that is what happened to him.  U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement confirmed Sunday that Perez boarded an ICE Air Operations flight at Gary International Airport and was flown to Brownsville, Texas. There, ICE officers escorted Perez across the U.S.-Mexico border and turned him over to Mexican authorities.  This is an example of the system working as advertised. Perez had his chance to become a U. S. citizen. He took a pass. He had the chance to not deal cocaine. Nope. Couldnt let that go by. Now hes paying the price for a lot of bad decisions and, having shot himself in the foot, hes now complaining because of the pain.) = 0
(In this midterm election year, the Democrats are showing themselves to be a hot mess.  On November 8, 2016, the woman who had spent her whole adult life reaching for the presidency failed in spectacular fashion. Remember, she wasnt supposed to lose. It was her year. Her time.  Finally, a woman president! Or so they all thought.  While Republicans have certainly had an, uh, interesting, often contentious time since that election night, it has been nothing compared to the hysteria coming from the Left.  They call themselves The Resistance. They wear pu**y hats. They view everything coming from the White House through apocalyptic lenses. There is no room for rational observation; all must be extreme. While this would certainly be an exhausting way to proceed through life, it is the normal mode for those who are still reeling from Hillarys loss and utterly consumed with apprehension as they look toward the near future.  As Iraq war veteran Jesse Kelly said on Twitter, All Democrats have to do is not be insane. And they cant do it.  And weve seen more than one example of recently.  Last Saturday, youth and adults around the nation gathered for the March for Our Lives. The hundreds of thousands assembled in D.C. listened to speeches from impassioned teenagers whose own experiences during the shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School had started a movement. While peaceful protesting is the right of every American, this one was solely about reducing Americans access to guns, as if the weapon was the actual problem on that fateful February day.  On Tuesday, former Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens published an op-ed in The New York Times calling for full repeal of the Second Amendment. Stevens, and Im sure the NYT, wanted to show how student-led protests were beginning a revolution. But as one columnist at The Washington Post explained, Stevens column did not help the cause.  rarely do we see such an unhelpful, untimely and fanciful idea as the one put forward by retired Supreme Court justice John Paul Stevens. In a New York Times op-ed on Tuesday, Stevens calls for a repeal of the Second Amendment. The move might as well be considered an in-kind contribution to the National Rifle Association, to Republicans efforts to keep the House and Senate in 2018, and to President Trumps 2020 reelection bid. In one fell swoop, Stevens has lent credence to the talking point that the left really just wants to get rid of gun ownership and reasserted the need for gun-rights supporters to prevent his ilk from ever being appointed again (with the most obvious answer being: Vote Republican). Stevens just signaled that at least one liberal appointee who inhabited the bench that could decide such matters really does want to take away one of those rights. And thats about the best Republicans could have hoped for.  Backfire, indeed.  The former justice was playing off of the message from the march three days earlier. Instead of building on the momentum, his article came across as too honest (grab those guns!) and yet another reason to vote Republican in November.  The RNC should thank the man.  Another example occurred on social media. On Tuesday, Congresswoman Grace Meng of New York took over the Democratic Party Twitter account and shared the following message:  Women deserve equal access to our economy, not punishment for their gender. That's why I've been working with my fellow women to fight for more access to tampons, pads, and the full range of menstrual products since 2015.  @Grace4NY  The Democrats (@TheDemocrats) March 27, 2018  I've introduced legislation to make these products more affordable  because leveling the playing field and stopping period-shaming give women, especially low-income women, a better chance to succeed in our economy.  @Grace4NY https://t.co/QUoOF2kMJm  The Democrats (@TheDemocrats) March 27, 2018  That's why it's so important that we turn out to vote this year  for our families, for our children, for our own economic opportunity and security. That's also why at the end of #WomensHistoryMonth, I'm asking you to commit to vote.  @Grace4NY  The Democrats (@TheDemocrats) March 27, 2018  Youwant to talk about economic fairness for women by discussing access to tampon and pads? On the official Democratic Party Twitter account? As if these products are not available everywhere all the time? This is your focus?  Grace is another individual the RNC should thank.  Theres a thing called overcorrection where one goes far beyond what is necessary in response to something they consider to be negative. It is plain to see that Democrats are doing this very thing at present. It is a reaction to everything that has transpired since November 2016. They cannot abide a Donald Trump presidency and are working hard to fill Congress back up with Democrats.  But it is backfiring.  This week, I wrote of the Democratic shrinkage in the polls as it relates to their midterm chances. Certainly, this could be due to several factors, including Trumps recent legislative successes, however unpopular they are in some circles. It is also very likely due to the Democrats and their hysterical reactions to everything all the time.  Take the guns! We need period equality!  Have they learned nothing in the intervening months since Hillary Clinton bumped her head on that glass ceiling? Apparently, not. But Republicans dont mind. In fact, they should be asking for more of the same and stepping aside to let the Left writhe around in the public square.  Remember, all the Democrats have to do is keep from insanity.  As of right now, theyre failing miserably at holding it all together.  Follow Kimberly Ross on Twitter: @southernkeeks.) = 0
(Im not a fan of conspiracy theories. When people ask me whether there is some sinister, behind-the-scenes cabal running Washington, I tell them that petty corruption, self interest, and public choice are much better explanations for the nonsensical policies being imposed on the country.  So you wont be surprised that rhetoric about the deep state rubs me the wrong way. If the term simply was used to describe D.C.s bloated, self-interested, and left-leaning bureaucracies, that would be okay. But it seems that the phrase also implies some sort of secret master plan on the part of shadowy insiders.  To be blunt, the people in Washington dont have the competence to design, implement, and enforce any type of master plan. Yes, we have a Leviathan state, but its much more accurate to think of Uncle Sam as a covetous, obese, and blundering oaf (as illustrated by my collection of cartoons).  That being said, that oaf is not a friend of liberty, as explained in an article published by the Federalist.  "[] to make a government job more like the ones the rest of us have will require the president and Congress to undo more than a century of misguided, anti-democratic, and unconstitutional laws governing the civil service. the bulk of the civil service2.8 million bureaucratshas become a permanent class of powerbrokers, totally unaccountable to the winds of democratic change. incompetence and corruption are the least of the problems with the modern civil service. With 95-99 percent of political donations from government employees going to Hillary Clinton in the last election, it looks less like a system of apolitical administrators and more like an arm of the Democratic Party. Civil service protectionshave created a system that grows government and advances left-wing causes regardless of who the people elect."  Moreover, there is a structural feature of the Washington bureaucracy that gives it dangerous powers.  John Tierneys column in the Wall Street Journal explains the problem of the administrative state.  "Whats the greatest threat to liberty in America? [] The enormous rogue beast known as the administrative state. Sometimes called the regulatory state or the deep state, it is a government within the government Unelected bureaucrats not only write their own laws, they also interpret these laws and enforce them in their own courts with their own judges. All this is in blatant violation of the Constitution Mr. Hamburger, 60, a constitutional scholar says, sitting in his office at Columbia Law School The government can choose touse an administrative proceeding where you dont have the right to be heard by a real judge or a jury and you dont have the full due process of law In volume and complexity, the edicts from federal agencies exceed the laws passed by Congress by orders of magnitude. The administrative state has become the governments predominant mode of contact with citizens, Mr. Hamburger says. The framers of the Constitution were very clear about this, Mr. Hamburger saysCongress cannot delegate the legislative powers to an agency, just as judges cannot delegate their power to an agency."  George Will elaborates, noting that administrative law is an affront to the Constitutions principle of rival branches.  "[] The administrative state distorts the United States constitutional architectureClarence Thomasis urging the judicial branch to limit the legislative branchs practice of delegating its power to the executive branch. This subject is central to todays argument between constitutionalists and progressives. Today, if Congress provides a minimal degree of specificity in the instructions it gives to the executive, the court, Thomas says, abandons all pretense of enforcing a qualitative distinction between legislative and executive power. the principles Thomas has articulated attack the very existence of the modern administrative state. This state, so inimical to conservatisms aspiration for government limited by a constitutional structure of rival branches Woodrow Wilsonbecame the first president to criticize Americas founding, regretted the separation of powers because he thought modern government required a clerisy of unfettered administrators. Today we are governed by Wilsons clerisy, but it does not deliver what is supposed to justify the overthrow of James Madisons constitutional system  efficient, admirable government."  Peter Wallison of the American Enterprise Institute adds some cogent analysis.  "Although the Constitution places the federal legislative power in Congress, it is now increasingly  and alarmingly  flowing to administrative agencies that, unlike Congress, are not directly accountable to the public affected by their decisions. Unless we can find a solution to this problema way to curb and cabin the discretionary power of administrative agencies decentralization and individual self-determination will eventually be brought to an end. The framers believed that the tripartite structure of the federal government would be enough to prevent any one of the three branches from consolidating the power of government and becoming a danger to liberty. But with the growth of the administrative state, we may now be seeing exactly the consolidation of powers that Madison feared. the judicial branch is supposed to be the final interpreter of the Constitution and thus the objective protector of the framework the Constitution ordains. But unfortunately, modern courts have generally failed to perform this role America is an exceptional country in part because its constitutional framework has, until relatively recently, limited the governments ability to centralize its control and restrain the nations diversity. If we are to avoid a dramatic over-centralization of power, the growth of the administrative state must be restrained."  In an article for National Review, Stanley Kurtz delves into the topic.  "The gist of the growing conservative critique of the administrative statefocuses on a runaway bureaucracys threat to constitutional government. Congress has improperly delegated much of its law-making power to bureaucrats, who in turn have abusively expanded this authority. The courts, for their part, have turned a blind eye to the administrative power-grab. Meanwhile, agencies staffed by unelected bureaucrats now operate de facto courts. In effect, these agencies negate the separation of powers by simultaneously exercising legislative, executive, and judicial functions, the very definition of authoritarian rule. governors and state legislators can be unaware of policy end-runs imposed by federal agreements with a states own bureaucrats. At both the state and federal levels, then, bureaucracy has broken loose and effectively turned into a national fourth branch of government. The Founders designed our federalist system to secure liberty by dividing and disbursing power, and by ensuring that local and state governments would remain more accountable to citizens than a distant federal government ever could. In fundamental ways, however, the modern practice of conditioning federal grants on state acceptance of federal dictates undermines the Founders intent."  Robert Gebelhoff of the Washington Post points out that this fight has major implications.  "One of the legal issues thats less often discussed is the role that the next Supreme Court justice will play in conservatives long-running legal fight to limit the size of the federal government. For decades, conservatives on the bench have been losing that war, giving way to a system of administrative law that is written, for the most part, by bureaucratic agencies. its a really big deal. Over the past half century, agencies have exploded in size and power, so this debate really is about how much power the federal government should have. Conservatives, fearful that bureaucracies are becoming an unchecked fourth branch of government, have decried agency deference. Just last month, Justice Clarence Thomas argued that the doctrine has metastasized, as if it were a cancer. And back in 2013, Chief Justice John Roberts warned of the danger posed by the growing power of the administrative state Both Roberts and Thomas frame the issue as a threat to the separation of powers: Were letting agencies in the executive branch dip into the powers reserved for the judicial and legislative branches. And by allowing bureaucrats the ability to define the scope of their own jurisdiction, we let them answer questions meant to be left up to the courts. This, they argue, is at odds with the Constitution. Conservatives fearing a powerful bureaucratic state have few legal weapons to fight it. The future of a small-government Supreme Court is bleak, and the march toward greater agency control of the law will probably continue forward."  Ill close with some recent polling data about the deep state from Monmouth University.  Heres a question asking whether theres a conspiratorial version of the deep state.  Im not sure what to think of the answers.  I like people to be suspicious of the federal government. But Id much prefer them to be concerned because theyre reading my daily columns, not because they think theres a sinister plot.  I prefer the answers to this next question. Most people presumably have never heard of administrative law or the administrative state, but they do have a healthy skepticism of bureaucratic rule.  Most of the authors cited today correctly want federal judges to fix the problem by limiting the power of bureaucrats to make and enforce law.  That would be desirable, but Id go much further. We should eliminate almost all of the agencies, programs, and departments that clutter Washington. Then the problem of the administrative state automatically disappears.) = 0
(And of course, the ax fell, via Twitter.  I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson, MD, as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2018  I mentioned recently that the rumor mill was working on this story, suggesting that President Trump wasnt done shuffling and flipping. The RedState Insider closely followed the heat on Shulkin, too.  Of all the firings, however, this one seems quite warranted.  Never should our vets be allowed to do without, while the one charged with tending to their needs at the top is too busy living it up. In the case of Shulkin, he was the subject of several VA watchdog investigations for improper spending, receiving gifts improperly, and an improper use of personnel.  .In the interim, Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkins service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 28, 2018  Shulkin needed to go, and he did. But that doesnt mean theres not a churn going on.  So considering that whos next? And should we start a RedState pool?) = 0
(Countdown to Bounce: EPA Chief Pulls a Fast One to Get Raises for Favored Aides) = 0
(I have a pretty consistent attitude for when it comes to transgendered individuals, and its more or less the same outlook I take about a lot of things.  I dont care how you dress, what you identify as, or if you call yourself Karen when your name is actually Todd. You disagree with my take on transgenderism, and I disagree with yours. However, this does not mean that I hate you, or think less of you in any way. For me, a difference of opinion with zero impact on my life is just a difference of opinion. Im not going to look down on you because you like your steak medium rare, while I like it rare.  I will deduct points if you like it well done, but I digress.  The problem with the loudest members of the transgender community is that simple disagreement cannot be tolerated. You have to agree. Nay! You have to respect.  NAY! You must be reverent!  There is nothing in transgenderism that I find worthy of reverence any more than I should find reverence in someones decision to wear a sports teams jersey. I get it. Youre really into that team, but I dont even like like that sport and have little interest in learning about it. You do you, though.  However, too many members of the transgender community believe that by saying theyre something they biologically arent, were supposed to engage in the same level of enthusiasm with no questions asked. Furthermore, they believe that by identifying as something theyre not and dressing in a way that society would find abnormal theyve done something extraordinary and awe inspiring. And for that, they should be celebrated for their bravery and the hardships they face.  I first think of all the people who battle cancer and pull through with sheer will, or the soldiers who fight through impossible odds to bring their fellows back alive. I think of firefighters who run into burning buildings for the sake of others, and people who go from nothing to world changing entities. These people are extraordinary and awe inspiring. Stuffing a bra and putting on a shade of lipstick does not fall into that category.  However, this is exactly what Buzzfeed contributor Jacob Tobia thinks, and he wanted to remind everyone how much respect he is owed in his latest article.  Overall, the article Tobia has written concerns how parents could use their childrens obviously confused reactions to his obviously uncommon appearance to educate their children about transgenderism and sexuality.  Everyone and their dog will obviously correct Tobia in their own way about why this is a ridiculous notion, and why talking to kids about sex and sexuality at such a young age is ridiculous in any way.  But it was one part of his ridiculous article about how to raise your own children that really caught my eye:  Parents, Ive decided that we need to have a little chat, because you can do better than that, wrote Tobia. You have to do better. You owe it to me, to the trans community, and to your kids emotional development to do better. I dont have children, but I know that a kids emotional development does not hinge on whether or not they know anything about the trans community, or Tobias choice in hose. Id rather have my kid concerned about who is going to be available to play hide and seek with him that day, or what shape a square is. But what my eyes zeroed in on is Tobias claim that we owe him something. That we owe the trans community. Let me be very clear to both Tobia and the trans community. No one owes you a damn thing. No one is entitled to anyones respect, nor are they subject to anyones wishes. Just because someone has gone through cripplingly awful moments, it does not entitle that person to obedience. Everyone has gone through hard times in some way shape or form, and rest assured there are many out there who WISH they had the problems a transgender person faces. Here in the first world where transgenderism is celebrated by the media to the point where a man can literally beat the tar out of a woman to applause, the transgender community is far from the most oppressed group featured on Earths surface. What Im saying may sound rude, but I see this sentiment too often from the activist members of the transgender community. Im more than willing to be your friend. Ive yet to meet a transgendered individual in person that I dont get along with. However, the moment you start demanding I give you a level of respect because you feel you deserve it for something I dont agree with you on in the first place, you lost me. And this goes for the vast majority of people. You cannot demand respect and get it. You can inspire respect through being a person worthy of it. However, making yourself a social sacred cow and considering yourself something akin to 14th century nobility will only make people laugh, or despise you. Its the current year. Get on board. If youre trying to make the transgender community something to be respected, Tobias method is not the way to go.) = 0
(Pro-life conservatives have been frustrated with the ongoing failure to defund Planned Parenthood, and for good reason. Americas largest abortion provider markets itself as a defender of womens health, but performs zero mammograms, willfully covers up statutory rapes, and has had to pay multimillion dollar settlements for Medicaid billing fraud.  All while ending the lives of hundreds of thousands of unborn children for massive profits every year.  So when the latest omnibus spending bill passed with half a billion dollars of funding for Planned Parenthood intact, even with Republicans in control of the White House and both the House and the Senate, conservatives were enraged. And not just because omnibus bills happen because Congress is stupid.  Watching these freaking Republicans campaign as pro-life champions every freaking election cycle and then continue to send half a billion freaking dollars  thats five hundred million dollars, $500,000,000.00  every freaking year is freaking infuriating. (And yall know Im not exactly thinking the word freaking as I typed that sentence.)  Now, I dont believe that Congressional Republicans are secretly pro-choice and actually want to continue providing funding to abortion clinics. Whats far more likely is they are wary of the backlash from Democrats and the media, who would complain that those mean ol Republicans are heartlessly cutting medical care to poor women.  Fine. Heres an easy solution.  Dont defund the budget for Planned Parenthood. Transfer the money.  Take all of the money we send to Planned Parenthood clinics, and instead, send the money to medical clinics that provide services to the poor.  Congress has proven they have little appetite for cutting spending, so fine, just take the money we are giving to these abortion clinics and instead, send it to other health clinics in the exact same towns. Dollar for dollar, take it from the abortion clinic and just send it down the street.  If, for example, we send $50,000 to a Planned Parenthood clinic in Orlando, lets instead send that $50,000 to one of the Shepherds Hope Health Centers in town.  The community will still have the exact same amount of federal funds coming their way, but the money will go much further since it will be going to actual health clinics, and not Planned Parenthood, with its lavish budgets for its political activity, lobbying, contributions to candidates, executives salaries and benefits, travel, and events  not to mention all those flashy advertisements, graphics, and videos all over their social media.  And lets be very clear: there is an abundance of choices for where these funds could be sent.  This infographic was created in 2015 by the Alliance Defending Freedom and the Charlotte Lozier Institute, and it shows the number of comprehensive care clinics in the United States (13,540) versus the number of Planned Parenthood clinics (665), a 20-to-1 ratio. And if you look at all the cities where there is a Planned Parenthood clinic (the orange dots), there are definitely other clinics (the white dots) in the same spots.  Drafting the bill should be an open and bipartisan discussion. Members of Congress should take into consideration the clinics in their own districts that are providing excellent care to the needy in their communities. If the Democrats truly care about womens health, they should participate in the debate and offer amendments with their suggestions.  Some ideas for qualifying for the funds could include accepting Medicaid patients, providing a certain percentage of services pro bono or at reduced costs, being in operation for a certain number of years to prove stability, providing comprehensive prenatal and gynecological health care, and so on.  A similar program was adopted in Texas in 2013. The state cut funding to abortion providers and created the Healthy Texas Women program, providing low-income women with birth control, family planning services, and other health care. A Daily Signal report called the program a success, with the states pregnancy rate remaining relatively stable and abortions dropping.  There was also a massive drop in Medicaid and contraceptive claims, which liberals attempted to frame as a negative, but a federal civil suit was brought against Planned Parenthood for Medicaid billing fraud from 2003 to 2009 and eventually settled for $4.3 million dollars. Plus, the enactment of Obamacare during this period meant that women with those policies were entitled to free contraception. In other words, when another government program provided contraception coverage and the fraud spigot was cut off, that made the number of claims go down, not women forgoing necessary medical care.  The data belies the claim that Planned Parenthood was necessary to womens health care in Texas, said Casey Mattox, a senior legal counsel at Alliance Defending Freedom.  The Democrats say they care about womens health care. The Republicans say they dont want to send money to an abortion provider. Fine. This solution lets both parties do what they say they want to do.  If we cant get our Republican-controlled Congress to cut spending, lets at least quit sending money to Americas largest abortion provider, and send it somewhere it can still help women.  Look up your House and Senate representatives and tell them to stop sending your money to Planned Parenthood, and instead send it where it can do some good.  Follow Sarah Rumpf on Twitter: @rumpfshaker.  This post has been updated with additional information.) = 0
(FILE  In this Feb. 6, 2017 file photo, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis stands outside the Pentagon. (AP Photo/Cliff Owen, File)  Why are we in Syria?  Its a fair question that deserves an answer, but answering it doesnt change the fact that the United States is in Syria and its pretty intense at the moment. Which fact carries its own secondary questions.  SecDef Mattis reveals Russia was able to get pro-regime Russian mercenaries that had been amassing east of the Euphrates River, near US troops in Syria, to pull back following talks between the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, Gen. Dunford & his Russian counterpart, Gen. Gerasimov  Ryan Browne (@rabrowne75) March 27, 2018  Rumors of good news have surfaced out of Syria, a rare occasion worthy of note. After Russias General Gerasimov and Americas General Danforth spoke directly, it was reported Secretary of Defense James Mattis indicated that Russian mercenaries amassed along the Euphrates opposite American Special Forces in Syria will pull back. The militaries communicating directly is the natural progression after Rex Tillerson left the U.S. State Department in shambles and Congress doesnt seem in a hurry to confirm anyone new  or do anything productive in general for that matter.  But have no fear, RedState has you covered.  There are three things happening between the lines to take away from this story. First, the US is going to be required to have, at the very least, a working relationship with Moscow and a tone needs to be set. Firm, but polite, is Mattis specialty and it seems all involved see him as an honest broker. What America needs is for the Russians to militarily stay out of its way. Its best to remove respective domestic politics from this equation as there are already enough volatile variables.  Second, why does a media obsessed with Russia colluding to sway an election not blast a humiliating narrative for the Russians all over the airwaves? At best Russia cant control their mercenaries and, at worst, they cant budge the Americans in Syria. Yet a media that seems hostile to Russia doesnt pick up on this despite being desperate for any news that further demonizes Russia. It doesnt make any sense whatsoever.  Finally, this informal agreement proves Moscow knew who the mercenaries employed by Wagner were and what they were doing without Moscow having to admit it. This should have journalists watering at the mouth, but gets little attention in the age of Stormy Daniels and the political activism of high schoolers. Not only did they back away, but in doing so Russia admitted it was in eastern Syria pushing towards the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) and US Special Forces, not the Islamic State, which undercuts the counterterrorism narrative theyve sold the global community as an explanation for their involvement in Syria.  Perhaps it is practical to let the Russians off easy at this moment in Syria, not least because Moscows precarious position rests on Irans ground forces and US policies to undercut Russia indirectly by attacking Tehrans troops appear imminent. But as the conflict winds down Americans should be told why they have service members still in Syria, especially as tensions along the Euphrates with Turkey coming to a head. The question of how to deconflict with Russia in Syria and how to coexist globally are not going away anytime soon. Both they and Iran have ambitions in Africa where the US has also quietly pivoted.) = 0
(Despite all the passion after the devastating massacre carried out by a madman in Parkland, Fla. the numbers just arent adding up in gun grabbers favor.  Not only do Millennials support Second Amendment rights as much as prior generations, but the National Rifle Association  a.k.a the gun lobby  has seen a significant increase in donations as it has simultaneously been vilified as a literal murderous boogeyman.  In January, the NRA collected almost $248,000 in individual contributions. In February, they collected more than $779,000. Its no secret that interest in guns and gun sales  as evidenced by anecdotes and manufacturing numbers  have until recently gotten boosts from mass shootings. So it would stand to reason that donations to the NRA would get a bump as well. Since the Parkland shooting happened in the middle of the month, one could argue the relationship between it and the spike in donations is hard to prove. However, the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics, which tracks political spending, tracked itemized contributions (donations of $200 or more by an individual) in the days before and after the shooting. According to their data, in the two weeks after the shooting, itemized contributions to the NRA doubled from the previous two weeks. They also found the number of people contributing in the seven days after the shooting increased almost 500% from the week before.  Of course, its questionable as to what exactly has instigated this increase. The same CNN article only lists NRA outreach and Pres. Donal Trump as possible causes. You know, because it couldnt possibly be that Americans of all ages still understand and believe in the importance of the Second Amendment.  But as the right to bear arms comes under attack and anti-2A advocates finally admit they are really after a full repeal of the hated right meant to keep government in check at a basic level  from a former U.S. Supreme Court justice no less  we are seeing Americans throw their support behind the primary organization advocating for that right, rather than the opposite.  Theres nothing a government loves more than the idea of disarming its citizenry. In 2018, at least, we still seem to recognize that fact.) = 0
(The often controversial Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) has waded into the private student loan crisis with a decision that could potentially hurt millions of Americans who currently depend on student loans or will rely on them in the future.  For thousands of students nationwide, the ability to enroll in colleges and universities depends on private student loans and access to such capital. As the National Chairman of the College Republican National Committee, I represent thousands of students across the country, and I simply cannot imagine what would happen if decisions made by the CFPB put that access to capital in jeopardy.  At issue is private student loan collection practices by investors who hold student loans, and lenders who lack the ability to collect on loan debt. Many of these loans are in default partially due to bad economic times during the Obama years, and the question now concerns how those funds will be recouped.  The former head of the CFPB created a glaring conflict of interest in the student loan industry when he brought hedge funder Donald Uderitz into the fold to manage the National Collegiate Student Loan Trusts (NCSLT). Uderitz made a deal with Cordrays CFPB to service loans overseen by the NCSLT through his hedge fund, Vantage Capital Group.  Instead of the typical process to recoup defaulted loans through litigation, Cordray and the CFPB handed down a first-of-its-kind judgment to allow the NCSLT and Uderitz to collect loans as he sees fit. This consent agreement means that trusts cannot collect on loans without jumping through hoops.  Now, Vantage Capital Group, which previously had no experience servicing student loan debt, stands to make a considerable amount of money in the servicing and administering of the debt they are tasked with from the NCSLT.  So the same individual who is in charge of the largest owner of private student loans in the nation, is now profiting from servicing that loan debt through his personal hedge fund?  A bureaucratic takeover like this damages the student loan recovery structure, helping the bottom line of some, while ultimately hurting bond investors in these trusts. All of this could endanger future access for private student loans funds.  Due to the CFPBs independence from the White House and Congress, the CFPB was able to exceed its authority. Unfortunately, much of it was and still is political in nature, not to mention extrajudicial. The former director Cordray has since left the CFBP, and is running to be the next Governor of Ohio. His bureaucratic overreach is now coming to light.  This crony capitalism must end. We need to change the structure of the CFPB so they report directly to the White House or Congress on behalf of consumersthe American peopleand not the financial interests of some at the top. We need to narrow the CFPBs overly-broad mandate. And we need to drop their assault on student loan lending so students and graduates have access to the loans they need.  Student loan debt is a major issue in the United States today. Approximately 44 million Americans have student loan debt of some kind, and many have defaulted because of the stagnant economy over the past decade.  Student loan lenders not being paid has significant consequences for the future of student loan funding, not only regarding consumer options and lending rates but also for the securities market and the overall health of the American economy.  Now that the Trump Administration has asserted greater accountability and oversight over the CFPB, Acting Director Mick Mulvaney should remove Uderitz and his conflicts of interest, and dismiss the consent agreement that will drive up student loan interest rates and lead to fewer borrowing options for students.  An immediate and effective resolution on the issue would be a victory for the Trump Administration, and most importantly would help the millions of Americans with student loansincluding many recent and soon-to-be college graduates.  Chandler Thornton is the chairman of the College Republican National Committee (CRNC).) = 0
(One of the most frustrating aspects of political discourse is when misleading information is spread on significant platforms. Worse, when it is not strongly or openly corrected.  RedState experienced such a situation when an inaccurate story about David Hogg was posted on Monday. RedState Contributor Sarah Rumpf, who wrote the article, took immediate steps to rectify the situation when she realized her information was wrong, apologized earnestly, and tried to spread the correction as much as possible.  This willingness to be held accountable is what we should expect from people trusted with prominent platforms. And so Id like to recognize someone else who was wrong and who subsequently made an effort to correct herself.  Earlier this month, CNN New Day co-anchor Alisyn Camerota downplayed the efforts of Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) to reduce gun violence. On Tuesday, March 15, during an interview with Representative Ted Deutch (D-FL 21st District), Camerota implied Rubio had ignored gun violence and his constituents by focusing on unimportant matters:  One of your colleagues in the Senate, Marco Rubio who, of course, represents Florida and was there with you at our CNN town hall, he introduced a bill yesterday. It was about Daylight Saving Time. He wants to make it year-round. Do you think that helps gun violence?  However, this was misleading, as Allahpundit pointed out at HotAir:  March 1: Rubio announces his intention on the Senate floor to introduce legislation to reduce school shootings  March 5: Rubio introduces the Stop School Violence Act  March 5: Rubio co-sponsors the NICS Denial Notification Act with Pat Toomey, Chris Coons, and Bill Nelson  March 5: Rubio calls on the Department of Education to tighten guidelines for reporting dangerous behavior at school to law enforcement  March 7: Rubio and Nelson introduce a bill to make gun-violence prevention orders available to law enforcement  March 7: Rubio co-sponsors a bill with 12 other senators to increase funding for school counselors, alarm systems, security cameras and crisis intervention training  March 13: Rubio, Nelson and several other senators hold a press conference to promote the Stop School Violence Act  March 14: Rubio testifies before the Senate Judiciary Committee to promote his plans to reduce shootings  Camerota was rightly criticized for this misleading representation of facts  and it appears she heard and listened. On Saturday, March 24, Camerota noted she was wrong and apologized:  But lets talk about the progress that Congress is making in terms of fighting gun violence, because there are some things that happened last night that we should tell you about. Part of this omnibus spending bill which was signed by President Trump yesterday in a Congress strengthened the federal background check system and they added $100 million annually to enhance school security. Both were proposals pushed by a number of Senators including Marco Rubio of Florida which of course is the site of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas School shooting. In a recent interview on New Day, I mischaracterized Senator Rubio as not being focused on gun violence since Parkland. And I failed to mention that, in fact, there has been a lot that he has been doing behind the scenes. So, I want to highlight some of those things because I think it would be helpful for viewers to hear all that has been happening leading up to yesterdays legislation. So, Senator Rubio, as you heard from Scott Beigels mom, he has met and called victims and victims families. He participated of course in the CNN town hall, but hes also bucked his own party and the NRA to support raising the age limit, to buy some guns from 18 to 21. This week, he and fellow Florida Senator Bill Nelson announced a bipartisan bill to try to keep people with mental health issues from having guns. This is similar to the temporary restraining orders that Florida put in place after Parkland and Connecticut put in place after Newtown. In fact, the Senators office tells me that starting tomorrow he will be focused on getting that so-called red flag bill passed. In other words, this march does not end the push for change in Congress.  Credit to @CNN & Alisyn Camerota for correcting their reporting a week ago. Not something many in the media or in public office for that matter are willing to do these days. https://t.co/xdknXSvcoy  Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) March 25, 2018  Camerota apparently took this information to heart; she brought up Rubios efforts again on Monday, March 26, with Douglas shooting survivors and siblings David and Lauren Hogg.  At the DC March for Our Lives rally on Saturday, March 24, Hogg had accused Rubio of putting a price tag on student lives due to the money the NRA had donated to Rubios campaigns.  Camerota informed the Hoggs that Rubio had been working on efforts to reduce gun violence. She questioned the value and helpfulness of saying unnecessarily provocative things when the goal is to work together to come up with effective solutions and pointed out [Rubio] is actually trying to work across the aisle:  CAMEROTA: You know, I want to talk to you about Senator Marco Rubio because my eyes were opened when I was there. You guys have sort of targeted him as somebody who you dont think is doing enough and who you sort of depict as being callus. But, you know, I had a chance to talk to Scott Beigels mom. He, of course, is your geography teacher who was killed in the massacre. And she said that Marco Rubio, behind the scenes, has reached out to her, had all sorts of conversations with her, talked about how what theyve done so far on Capitol Hill in terms of the Fix NICS Act, in terms of the Stop School Violence Act thats part of the omnibus, yes, these are low-hanging fruit, yes, you want more, but should you be giving credit for even these incremental steps, David? D. HOGG: I think its important to realize that its good that were having these incremental steps. But just like we saw in Florida, where we rose the age to 21, you can still purchase a gun at the age of 18 if its a private sale. And like with many of the laws that were  theyre passing right now, where they tried kind of fixing the Dickey Amendment, they didnt give any more funding. What they did is they said like you officially can do research, but we just arent going to fund it. And theyre leaving a lot of loopholes in here and trying to seem like they are doing things, when in reality these laws have more holes than Swiss cheese. CAMEROTA: I understand. But I guess my point is, is that if youre trying to get everybody together, if youre trying to have solutions, do you think it is helpful when you say things like, Marco Rubio is putting, you know, for a dollar and five cents or whatever your coupon said, thats how much he values students? I mean do you think thats unnecessarily provocative? D. HOGG: No, I think its not enough  I dont think its even provocative enough because I  Marco Rubio is still supported by the NRA, which works to ensure not the safety of gun owners and the safety of Americans everywhere, but to ensure that they sell more guns. And at the end of the day, so long as he is being paid by the NRA, hes not going to work to fix anything that is going to be concrete change. Hes going to make laws that get him re-elected but actually dont have any major effect. CAMEROTA: Well, I mean, look, Im not a Marco Rubio spokesperson. But now that Ive heard what hes doing behind the scenes, he is sponsoring all of these various bills, two of which were part of the omnibus, and so things are happening. And all Im suggesting is that maybe youre ire is misplaced, you know, since he is actually trying to work across the aisle? D. HOGG: Yes, I think its a great step that hes trying to work across the aisle. But I think so long as hes supported by the NRA, no matter what he does, theres always going to be loopholes in anything that he does. Because weve seen again and again, weve passed gun legislation in this country. And, at the end of the day, you can pass as many laws as you want, but if those laws are not very strong and they have so many loopholes that the NRA works so hard to ensure that they have, they arent going to be strong enough. Hey, theyre just not.  I appreciate that Alisyn Camerota learned she was wrong, acknowledged it, and apologized it  and then made real efforts to educate others as well.  The views expressed here are those of the author and do not represent those of any other individual or entity. Follow Sarah on Twitter: @sarahmquinlan.) = 0
(Well, this wouldnt cause a toxic meltdown, or anything like that.  Theres talk that the topic of presidential pardons has popped up in the Trump-o-sphere, in particular, when it comes to former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, and former campaign chairman, Paul Manafort.  John Dowd raised the idea of pardons for Michael Flynn and Paul Manafort with their lawyers last year, three people with knowledge of the discussions tell NYT. https://t.co/83Olz1BhB0  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 28, 2018  Several things come to mind, here.  First of all, whats the source of this story, and why is it coming out now?  A more cynical mind might connect it to John Dowd, Trumps former lead attorney who resigned a week ago.  There has been no clear explanation for why Dowd stepped down in the middle of a crucial investigation into his client, but some have suggested it was because Trump chose to bring in a couple of Fox News bomb throwers  Joe diGenova and his wife, Victoria Toensing  both of whom declined citing conflicts of interest. The move was said to signal that Trump was prepared to aggressively go at special counsel Robert Mueller, something Dowd has warned against.  So could Dowd be the leak?  Theres no way to know, but the White House sent out press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders to push back against the story.  Theres no discussion or consideration of that at this time, Sanders told reporters. The president has the authority to pardon individuals, but youre asking me about a specific case in which it hasnt been discussed.  Besides Sanders, the remaining two lawyers with Trumps legal team, Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow spoke about the prospect of presidential pardons.  I have only been asked about pardons by the press and have routinely responded on the record that no pardons are under discussion or under consideration at the White House, Cobb said. Jay Sekulow, another personal attorney for Trump who had been on the same team as Dowd, similarly disputed the report. Never during the course of my representation of the president have I had any discussions of pardons of any individual involved in this inquiry, Sekulow told the Times.  If I had to put money on it, Id say it did come up and that it took every legal mind around Trump to tell him what an intensely bad idea it was.  As Muellers investigation seems to be sweeping ever-closer to Trumps business and his family, no story is too crazy or reckless to believe.) = 0
(Joy Behar cant not say something completely absurd when it comes to anything remotely friendly to the right. Be it Mike Pence, Christianity, or in this recent case, First Lady Melania Trump.  The ladies of The View decided to discuss how Melania must feel in the wake of the medias current obsession, Stormy Daniels affair with President Donald Trump. The panel all agreed that Melania was a lovely lady, but of course, Behar couldnt let any Republican go without taking a swat at them, no matter how ill timed.  We cant really like her 100 percent because she is a birther like her husband, Behar bemoaned. I interviewed her on my HLN show and we made news on that because I asked her, Do you think Obama was born in this country?  Melania confirmed that Obama was not born in this country, according to Behar.  So shes on the same page as him on a lot of issues, so shes not off the hook.  The birther movement was something that became big during the 2012 presidential elections, with Donald Trump leading the charge. Melania was, of course, in support of her husband.  In the midst of all the hoopla revolving around supporting women who are being misused by male figures, its odd that Behar seems to think its okay to swat Melania aside, despite the sad situation shes in, simply because at one point in time she publicly agreed with her husband about a point he was hammering on during his presidential campaign.  If Behars husband was doing something similar, Im sure Behar would be supporting him in the same fashion no matter how ridiculous the strategy. I wouldnt put it past Behar. Shes known for saying and doing ridiculous things.  Regardless, Melania is clearly going through something no wife ever does. Her husbands fidelity is not only being called into question, but its done so on a national stage. Whether you believe Daniels or not, saying that Melania deserves to be put in front of the firing line alongside her husband just because she supported him is ludicrous.  But ludicrous hatred against Republicans or right-leaning anything is what Behar does.) = 0
(LOS ANGELES, CAA representative for Justin Bieber has spoken of the pop superstars surprise at receiving a message from American President Donald Trump in the early hours of yesterday morning that began: Dear Mr. Prime Minister  Youre being very difficult with NAFTA, Justin. We have much to discuss, check you PMs, Trump tweeted Bieber earlier, suggesting the pair meet for crunch talks ASAP.  Bieber then received a direct message from Trump on Twitter at approximately 7:04 am pacific time, catching the 24-year-old singer off-guard who rather than determining Canadas economic foreign strategy was instead preparing for a live show in front of 100,000 fans.  Dude are you friggin kidding me, how the hell would I know? responded the Canadian pop-star to the DM.  Dont play dumb with me Justin, Trump replied, youve negotiated a great deal for Canada and horrible deal for America and Im putting an end to your games once and for all.  You know, none of my advisors thought messaging you was a good idea, the Donald continued. Oh dont tweet this to Justin Bieber, they said. He knows nothing about NAFTA. He wont understand what youre even talking about. They give you no credit Justin, but I do. I know how clever you really are and if you dont meet my demands Ill turn Toronto into the next Hiroshima  Cool was Biebers response to the harrowing ultimatum, before adding the crying laughing emoji.  You see, Prime Minister Justin, people think Im an idiot, but I know a hell of a lot more than I let on, Trump added, continuing to write about himself for the next 11 messages.  Having since received a response from the actual Canadian PM who attempted to quell any tensions between the two nations, Trump responded by claiming he was insulted that the real Prime Minister hadnt responded personally instead of using his assistant, and asked Trudeau if he was any relation to Joe?.  Did you know the BSJ is now on the internet? Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon!) = 0
(ACCORDING to a latest poll on UEFA.com, Premier League side, Arsenal, have emerged as frontrunners for Euro 2016 in France. The North London club topped the poll with an astonishing 91% of the votes despite not even being one of the options available.  Gunners fans on social media wasted little time in revelling in their new tag as favourites.  Its great news. I cant remember the last time we were favourites to win anything, said one fan. Another Gunner wrote on the Daily Mails Facebook page: Arsenal are no strangers to European Championship success having won Euro 2000, albeit under the guise of some country called France.  The FA Cup winners have topped a number of online polls in the past year, leaving many to question the validity of opinion polls nowadays.  Last week the clubs mascot Gunnersaurus, emerged as the leading candidate for the United States Democratic Party nomination, after topping a NY Times survey. Its still not yet understood why the Arsenal mascot was even an option in the first place.  Arsenal fans have ruined polls, said one disgruntled Spurs fan. They used to be a great way of expressing an opinion without having to think for yourself. Now what are we supposed to do?  In fact, if recent online polls are to believed, there are presently more Arsenal fans in the world than McDonalds restaurants in the United States, stars in the solar system and even footballers currently out on loan from Chelsea.  Arsenal Supporters Group spokesman, Daniel Burke, defended Gunners fans, saying the club were to blame:  Supporting Arsenal isnt as fun, now that we dont win anything. Taking online polls is the only enjoyment we get from life. That, and following Emmanuel Adebayors career.  Interestingly, archeologists have discovered evidence that suggests the first poll ever conducted by early humans, was used to determine whether fire or the wheel was mankinds best invention, with fire the eventual winner. Arsenal finished second on that occasion.  The results of the poll have raised a number of questions:) = 0
(Trump warns Americans about dangers of moving to Canada  The Republican frontrunner Donald Trump has launched another attack on Canada, warning US citizens of the dangers of moving there.  With many Americans claiming they will move to Canada if Trump is elected, the billionaire hit back, claiming Canada has a number of dangerous laws in place to stop U.S. immigrants.  Watch the video below of Trump speaking to supporters and let us know on facebook. Do you agree with Trump? Should Canada have such tough illegal immigration laws against Americans?  Also, take a look at FM News first viral video of Trumps previous comments on Canada here  Follow FM NEWS on Facebook for more breaking news) = 0
(OTTAWA, ONA tearful Justin Trudeau today reminded Canadian lawmakers of their obligation to protect innocent young lives, as he proposed a radical new bill to offer full asylum to every single child in the United States.  Speaking passionately, and at times tearfully, Trudeau described to the House of Commons the harsh reality of American kids living under constant fear of death just going to school, each and every day, all but abandoned by their own government.  It has been two weeks and the American government has still done nothing. This has gone on long enough. We must do something, the Canadian Prime Minister pleaded.  What the hell else can we do? Stand by and do absolutely nothing? Were not savages up here, he argued, dismissing claims that allowing up to 75 million kids under the age of 18 could destabilize Canadas economy somewhat.  Addressing the children of America directly, Trudeau urged them to heed Canadas message:  Your suffering is over. The Great White North is opening its gates to you; Americas forgotten people. Canada acknowledges its children, we respect our children, hell, we even elect our children Prime Minister.  So come to Canada and enjoy some of the most basic privileges in society like healthcare and a good education, and pursue The Canadian Dream of living to see your prom.  Any American child who accepts the offer can look forward to gun-free schools, he continued, detailing that in the unlikely event of a shooting the young immigrants can expect law enforcement officers who will actually engage a school shooter, rather than merely waiting outside for him to run out of steam. To top it off Canada will also provide free healthcare in the incredibly remote chance a child is shot.  On both sides of the U.S. political spectrum American parents reacted positively to the news. I either dont see my children until theyre 18 or never again, said one Iowa father-of-three. Even if they end up in Edmonton, it probably wont be a difficult choice.  In unrelated news, the Prime Minister confirmed a slight change to the Canada Pension Plan, announcing a 25,000% increase to all CPP retirement pensions starting next year.  Did you know the BSJ is now on the internet? Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon!) = 0
(Chelsea have rolled out the red carpet for former Man Utd goalscorer, Radamel Falcaos press conference, after the forward agreed a one year loan deal from Monaco.  Even Roman Abramovich was moved to speak to the media of his joy at securing Falcao: I really believe that Radamel is the next in a long line of expensive forwards that ruin their careers at Chelsea. He scored as many goals as Chris Smalling last season. We actually think he could be worse than Kezman.  Falcao acknowledged the difficulty of stepping into the same boots as Torres, Kezman and Shevchenko, but appeared relaxed about his future:  I could have joined City and become a success like Tevez or Aguero. But I think in this moment, I prefer to sit on bench and earn 250,000 a week. Maybe I will pick up a drug habit like Mutu. Maybe Mourinho will somehow send me out on loan. Many avenues are open to me.  Falcaos career has followed a similar path to former United and Chelsea star Juan Seba Veron, and Falcao was quick to pay homage to his fellow South American: Juan Seba is the holy grail of terrible signings. Every South American who dreams of one day playing in the Premier League, is in awe of what he accomplished. Not just at Manchester United, but even worse at Chelsea. He made Djemba Djemba look like Zidane.  Veron has since retired and currently works in London. He does not regret his time in England and says his time there was a great learning curve for his current role. Im working part time in Madame Tussauds as a stand in for the Ali G statue which is being cleaned. he said, waxing his head. Standing around was pretty much all I did in the Premier League so this role was a natural fit for me.  Mourinho confirmed his intention to immediately loan out Falcao, along with 78 others: We will probably loan him to Bolton or something. My transfer strategy is much like the first time you play a new version of Football Manager; buy and loan every player in sight and see what sticks. If I dont have half the population of Iceland out on loan, then Im not doing my job.  The Chelsea boss seemed irritated by Falcao questioning the move to Bolton Wanderers and his insistence on referring to Mourinho, as The Special One:  I think it is HE, who is the special one You know Special in the head Hes not very smart is what Im trying to get at he said. What do you (media) want from me? My agent is JORGE MENDES. You figure it out. he shouted, before storming out.  Who do you think was the best Chelsea striker? Shevchenko, Mutu, Torres, Ba? Can Falcao surpass them all? Let us know on Facebook and Twitter) = 0
(MANCHESTER, UKAfter being labelled the biggest mercenary in football, Alexis Sanchez has today pledged to donate 10% of his record breaking salary to his former club Arsenal.  The 29-year-old caused controversy last month by signing for the mega-richbut largely unknownManchester United, and now Sanchez has decided as a show of good will to help out his cash-strapped former employers.  Times are pretty tough at Arsenal right now. Ever since they moved into that new 60,000 seater stadium the club has barely made over 420m a season, Sanchez told ArsenalFanTv. Hopefully this can help in some small way.  Sanchez, who according to British tabloids must be one of the 100 richest people alive, will donate one tenth of his wages which could earn his former side up 30,000 per week.  It will help keep the lights on for another year I suppose, Martin Keown told the BBC, but hes still one of the worst human beings to have ever lived. Right up there with Hitler.  Not all reaction to the news has been positive however. Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola used todays press conference to complain that Sanchez had not offered any compensation to his club despite pinkie promising to sign for the Citizens.  For more, follow our football page on Facebook and Twitter) = 0
(WASHINGTON, DCAmerican President Donald Trump has paid homage to the late Stephen Hawking, saying the entire stable genius community is stunned at the death of the world renowned physicist.  Its quite shocking, we had no idea he was ill, began President Trumps morning briefing. On behalf of the entire stable genius community, we will miss him and he will always be with us and be one of us.  Related: 5 Signs Youre Secretly A Stable Genius  While the President was quick to point out that Hawking was not one of the big ones like him, the 2-time Albert Einstein Award winner was well known inside the stable genius community, Trump confirmed.  He was honestly one of the greats, no doubt about it, the 45th president sighed, right up there with myself and Alex Jones, Stephen will be remembered as one of the great stable geniuses of our time.  Not a lot of people know this but he always called me a demagogue which he says is latin for the Donald Trump of physics, Trump added, signalling his intention to have a statue of Hawking built with the quote emblazoned on it.  Did you know the BSJ is now on the internet? Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon!) = 0
(OTTAWA, ONA tearful Justin Trudeau today reminded Canadian lawmakers of their obligation to protect innocent young lives, as he proposed a radical new bill to offer full asylum to every single child in the United States.  Speaking passionately, and at times tearfully, Trudeau described to the House of Commons the harsh reality of American kids living under constant fear of death just going to school, each and every day, all but abandoned by their own government.  It has been two weeks and the American government has still done nothing. This has gone on long enough. We must do something, the Canadian Prime Minister pleaded.  What the hell else can we do? Stand by and do absolutely nothing? Were not savages up here, he argued, dismissing claims that allowing up to 75 million kids under the age of 18 could destabilize Canadas economy somewhat.  Addressing the children of America directly, Trudeau urged them to heed Canadas message:  Your suffering is over. The Great White North is opening its gates to you; Americas forgotten people. Canada acknowledges its children, we respect our children, hell, we even elect our children Prime Minister.  So come to Canada and enjoy some of the most basic privileges in society like healthcare and a good education, and pursue The Canadian Dream of living to see your prom.  Any American child who accepts the offer can look forward to gun-free schools, he continued, detailing that in the unlikely event of a shooting the young immigrants can expect law enforcement officers who will actually engage a school shooter, rather than merely waiting outside for him to run out of steam. To top it off Canada will also provide free healthcare in the incredibly remote chance a child is shot.  On both sides of the U.S. political spectrum American parents reacted positively to the news. I either dont see my children until theyre 18 or never again, said one Iowa father-of-three. Even if they end up in Edmonton, it probably wont be a difficult choice.  In unrelated news, the Prime Minister confirmed a slight change to the Canada Pension Plan, announcing a 25,000% increase to all CPP retirement pensions starting next year.  Did you know the BSJ is now on the internet? Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon!) = 0
(BOWLING GREEN, KYThe body of Joe Trudeau has been tragically found dead this morning, as the Bowling Green Massacre claims yet another non-existent life.  Just 6 short years after never happening, the BG Massacre continues claiming fictional lives and White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, revealed the name Joe Trudeau would need to be added to the invisible list of victims.  BREAKING: Trump Very Disappointed In Putin For Recommending Michael Flynn  It is with great sadness that I announce the sudden passing of Joe Trudeau, Spicer began his daily briefing, before bowing his head in silence. A man some of us knew for years and some of us knew for hours, nothing will ever change how definitely real you used to be. May you rest in peace.  Spicer verified the victim was no relation to the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who recently visited the U.S.  No, I can confirm that Justin is alive and well. And Id like to announce my personal relief that Justin remained uninjured in this senseless attack, and extend my warmest regards to Justin, his wife Sophie, sons Hadrien and Xavier, and daughter Ella-Grace.  The Melissa McCarthy looklike ended his press conference by asking his friend Justin to make sure to say hi to his father, Joseph Philippe Pierre Yves Elliott Trudeau, saying he must catch up with Pierre the next time hes in Ottawa.  If you enjoyed that, then why not follow us on Facebook and Twitter) = 0
(DUBLINSources close to the Irish media personality Eamon Dunphy have confirmed the 72-year-old has been hospitalised this morning, after learning of the retirement of Wes Hoolahan.  The RTE football pundit was, according to family, extremely distraught upon hearing Hoolahans announcement, and was said to have been particularly hurt at not having heard the news from Wes himself.  He was so young, so so young, Dunphy reportedly kept repeating about the 35-year-old Norwich City midfielder. He barely got a look in. Well never know what he could have really done in a green jersey.  RELATED: Kenny Cunningham to have surgery on eyebrows after abuse on social media  Hoolahan, capped 43 times for the Republic of Ireland, admitted to being a little sad at the prospect of leaving the Irish setup and absolutely devastated that he may have killed one of Irelands most popular tv figures.  Luckily Dunphy is said to be in a stable condition and his health has improved dramatically in the past few hours after a visit from Hoolahan. After wiping the tears from his eyes, Dunphy is believed to have told Wes he would be honoured if he would join him on the RTE panel to take [his] rightful place amongst the pantheon of former Republic of Ireland legends.  To tag a friend, click here.  For more, follow our football page on Facebook and Twitter) = 0
(WASHINGTON, DCIn a move that has stunned the world, the United States has today agreed to allow an unstable dictator meet with Kim Jong-Un.  The meeting scheduled for May, will see the self described greatest ruler in history travel to North Korea for talks with Jong-Un despite increased protestations from the wider international community.  Allowing this manic, hell bent on destroying the world, anywhere near the leader of North Korea could have serious ramifications for us all, EU Commissioner Jean-Claude Juncker warned. The things that man could put in Kims head dont even bear thinking about.  Indeed many inside the U.S. government had serious concerns of setting up a meeting with such a loose cannon, capable of anything and the Supreme Leader of the Workers Party of Korea.  Speaking to his supporters the erratic dictator attempted to calm fears by insisting the meeting was in the final solution to recent tensions in the world.  I promise you this will be the meeting to end all meetings, the deranged fascist promised. After this the world wont need any more meetings, believe me.  For more on this follow us on Facebook and Twitter, and support us on Patreon!) = 0
(WASHINGTON, DCIn a move that has stunned the world, the United States has today agreed to allow an unstable dictator meet with Kim Jong-Un.  The meeting scheduled for May, will see the self described greatest ruler in history travel to North Korea for talks with Jong-Un despite increased protestations from the wider international community.  Allowing this manic, hell bent on destroying the world, anywhere near the leader of North Korea could have serious ramifications for us all, EU Commissioner Jean-Claude Juncker warned. The things that man could put in Kims head dont even bear thinking about.  Indeed many inside the U.S. government had serious concerns of setting up a meeting with such a loose cannon, capable of anything and the Supreme Leader of the Workers Party of Korea.  Speaking to his supporters the erratic dictator attempted to calm fears by insisting the meeting was in the final solution to recent tensions in the world.  I promise you this will be the meeting to end all meetings, the deranged fascist promised. After this the world wont need any more meetings, believe me.  For more on this follow us on Facebook and Twitter, and support us on Patreon!) = 0
(BARCELONA star Luis Suarez has weighed on the Roberto Firmino scandal by insisting that the current Liverpool frontman is completely innocent.  Nonsense its all nonsense, Suarez replied, when questioned about Firmino alleged racial abuse of Mason Holgate during Liverpools 2-1 win.  I dont know Roberto Firmino, Ive never met Roberto Firmino and have barely heard of Roberto Firmino, but I can say without hesitation that the man is 100% innocent, Suarez said, advising the Brazilian to never shake Mason Holgates hand again, no matter how much criticism he gets.  Despite acknowledging he was not present during the incident, the Uruguayan is confident a fellow South American would never say such a thing and claims false accusations of racism are common in England.  He is a Liverpool striker so he is accused of racism, its par for the course, Suarez said, citing the British medias overreaction to Ian Rushs comments on Hitler being misunderstood, as well as the negative press coverage that surrounded Michael Owens repeated public use of the N-word in the late 90s.  Its all a conspiracy and Holgates in on it. Look at him, hes probably best friends with Evra, or at the very least related to him, Suarez added, insisting that once again he is definitely not racist.  For more, follow our football page on Facebook and Twitter) = 0
(WASHINGTON, DCIn a hastily convened meeting at the White House today, President Trump gathered all five living former presidents to ask each one how they handled being sued by a pornstar.  After arriving under the pretense of a national emergency that threatens our very way of life Jimmy Carter, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama were quickly debriefed by Trump.  So heres the situation, its pretty typical. Youve been president for one year and everythings going great until suddenly that pornstar you banged right after your son was born is suing you, Trump began.  Remarking how nothing fully prepares you for the presidency Trump asked Presidents 39 thru 44 how they dealt with lawsuits from jilted ex-lovers who worked primarily in the adult entertainment industry.  Silence fell over the room as each president looked at each other, then at Trump, then at the floor. Bill do you want to start? Im sure youve got to have some valuable insight for me? Trump asked.  Jimmy, how about you? How did you deal with this kind of thing back in the day? Must have been so much easier to keep this quiet before the internet?  How about the Georges? Old Bush, surely you must have given your son some advice on how to deal with this sort of thing? he queried, before turning to Obama, and Barry who the hell invited you?  According to WH sources, throughout the over 3-hour gathering no one other than Trump spoke once, the perfect meeting the President noted.  Did you know the BSJ is now on the internet? Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon!) = 0
(VANCOUVER, British Columbia has become the first Canadian city to impose a strict ban on all U.S. nationals travelling to the region while in the possession of nuclear weapons. Hundreds of Nuclear Weapons Free Zone signs have now been stationed along border crossings to advise tourists of the change.  Please be advised that the City of Vancouver will no longer be granting entry to visitors from the United States who wish to travel with WMDs or thermonuclear missiles of any kind, a spokesman for Canada Border Services Agency announced, confirming the city will now impose a strict zero-tolerance policy on nuclear warheads for the foreseeable future.  Despite no previous record of any American ever attempting to bring nuclear material to Canada, the City of Vancouver insists the ban is absolutely necessary.  We ask all American citizens wishing to bring nuclear weapons to Vancouver to please check them in at a nearby municipality such as Richmond or Burnaby, but ideally Surrey, an official COV statement read.  The announcement also included a brief apology, as is Canadian law:  We dont want to appear unwelcoming to our neighbours but there are over 10,000 nukes down there and we just cant take too many chances. Were sorry, thats just the kind of city we are and we make very few apologies for that.  Similarly the U.S. State Department issued a warning to all Americans hoping to bring their nuclear missiles north of the border:  All US citizens wishing to travel to Vancouver risk an on-the-spot-fine of $250 CAD (which we estimate is worth US$7.50) if found in possession of any bombs above nuclear grade level.  While the sign makes no mention of Americans specifically, its heavily implied, according to COV officials. Well who else could we talking about? Jamaica?  Of course Vancouver hasnt always been a nuclear free zone. In fact nuclear weapons have long been a contentious issue in Vancity, akin to the death penalty or abortion. Throughout the late 90s the pro/anti nuclear weapon debate raged across the Lower Mainland. After a slim majority voted against the use of nuclear firearms inside city limits, the open carry of nukes was consequently outlawed in 2004. The ban was an undoubted success with city officials reporting no increase in the number of WMDs in Vancouver since its inception.  How do you feel about this controversial ban? Join the debate on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon for more on this) = 0
(Jose Mourinho has announced that Chelsea have conceded the 2015/16 title to Man City after just two games: We cannot catch them, mathematically the title race is over, Mourinho said. Five points is an insurmountable lead, with only 109 remaining. Now we must reflect on what has happened and rebuild for next season. I congratulate Manuel, his players and particularly, his marvelous medical team.  When asked what he felt the difference was between the two sides, Mourinho said: Fitness; our players are not fit. Man City have a medical team with a very good understanding of football. We have a medical team with a very good understanding of social media.  Jose Mourinho continued his thinly veiled attack on Eva Carneiro and his medical team: My players were not fit enough to last the season. They tired greatly in the second half of the season, against City.  With Paddy Power already paying out on a Man City title coupled with Mourinhos announcement, some say the pressure could tell on Manuel Pellegrini. However the City manager says he will not let Mourinho mind games get to him this season. I couldnt give a fuck what Jose says anymore. Everyone knows this is my last season here, I have no pressure at all.  The new carefree Pellegrini continued, by taking swipes at his current employers: I cant wait to watch City try and appoint Pep, only to end up with Benitez. And Ill probably get at least a season at Real after this.  Mourinho denied any attempt at mind-games: Nonsense. I would like to congratulate our new champions. They fully deserve the title as their performances this season have been extraordinary. Also I would also like to congratulate Leicester on securing Champions League football. They will represent the Premier League well.  Follow and share FM Football News on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to see more breaking news.) = 0
(SOON-to-be Sky Bet Championship star Jack Grealish, has confirmed he remains no closer to a decision he claims hes been dreading for months, whether hell play UEFA Euro 2016 on Xbox One or PS4 this summer.  Im usually quite decisive but this is the hardest decision of my life, Grealish admitted to the Daily Mail. All of my mates at school have an Xbox One but Ive still got some old friends who play the Playstation. At the moment Ive got both, but my Mum says I have to decide.  While critics might argue that most 19-year-olds would love a dilemma like Grealishs, the Aston Villa winger says the choice is not as straightforward as it appears. Ive always been a Sony lad, growing up. I had a PS3 and a PS2 and really enjoyed playing them, so my family want me to stay loyal, you know? he said. But my mates at Villa say the Xbox has a way better controller and Ill play way better, so I dont know what to do.  There has been a suggestion in some sections of the media that Grealish might be more marketable as an Xbox player, but the young Villain insists this will not play a factor in his thinking. No, I dont care how much money Microsoft offered me. Not even if they handed me more money than Englands sponsors gave me for turning my back on Ireland. Ive got to have my principles.  Grealishs agonising quandrum promises to be the major talking point in the build-up to the European Championships, but England manager Roy Hodgson is keen to not let it overshadow his sides preparations. I cant tell you what he will be doing, Hodgson said of Grealish. but he wont be actually playing at Euro 2016, thats for fucking sure.  Martin ONeill refused to comment on the decision when questioned, and instead laughed continuously for 8 minutes.  Follow FM Football News on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram for more breaking news) = 0
(WASHINGTON, DCIn a hastily convened meeting at the White House today, President Trump gathered all five living former presidents to ask each one how they handled being sued by a pornstar.  After arriving under the pretense of a national emergency that threatens our very way of life Jimmy Carter, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama were quickly debriefed by Trump.  So heres the situation, its pretty typical. Youve been president for one year and everythings going great until suddenly that pornstar you banged right after your son was born is suing you, Trump began.  Remarking how nothing fully prepares you for the presidency Trump asked Presidents 39 thru 44 how they dealt with lawsuits from jilted ex-lovers who worked primarily in the adult entertainment industry.  Silence fell over the room as each president looked at each other, then at Trump, then at the floor. Bill do you want to start? Im sure youve got to have some valuable insight for me? Trump asked.  Jimmy, how about you? How did you deal with this kind of thing back in the day? Must have been so much easier to keep this quiet before the internet?  How about the Georges? Old Bush, surely you must have given your son some advice on how to deal with this sort of thing? he queried, before turning to Obama, and Barry who the hell invited you?  According to WH sources, throughout the over 3-hour gathering no one other than Trump spoke once, the perfect meeting the President noted.  Did you know the BSJ is now on the internet? Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon!) = 0
(VANCOUVER, BCAfter announcing that British Columbia will operate state-run marijuana dispensaries across the region, the provincial government today unveiled a new flagship weedemporium set to become the largest in the world.  The 41,400 sq. ft. stoners paradise will replace the current site of the Vancouver Art Gallery and will be officially opened on July 1st by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.  The 3-floor megastore is expected to generate the province revenue in the trillions of dollars, industry analysts predict, and will become the first building in Vancouver to be smellable from Grouse Mountain.  The news has shocked many local businesses and legislators who fear the venture could attract an unsavoury element to the area surrounding the gallery, as well as those who feel the business is unneeded.  While our choice of the current site of the art gallery may appear surprising, rest assured our research indicates there is demand for marijuana in that area of Downtown Vancouver, a BC spokesperson responded. Were confident we can make this work.  On the contrary the emporiums newly-hired Curator, Dr. Beesee Budd, questioned if the site will be big enough to meet demand.  While we will endeavor to meet Vancouvers insatiable appetite for weed, we still anticipate long delays in the first few months or years of business, she warned potential customers, hinting at a possible expansion of the facility in 2020.  Related: Middle Lane Of Lions Gate Bridge Closing To Make Way For New Bike Lane  Reaction from the general public has been mixed, with many Vancouverites seemingly unaware that the building wasnt always a weed store, while others are shocked at what the city of Vancouver is becoming.  A place where you can just walk in off the street and buy weed, in Vancouver? Never thought Id see the day, Mark, 57, told our reporter. Its deeply unsettling.  With the VAG not expected to move until 2019, the Gallery and marijuana megastore will be expected to work simultaneously sharing space until the gallerys new home is ready. Well weve been working on each other doorsteps for decades now, whats a few more months? VAG Director Emily Pivot accepted.  Did you know the BSJ is now on the internet? Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon!) = 0
(LOS ANGELES, CAA representative for Justin Bieber has spoken of the pop superstars surprise at receiving a message from American President Donald Trump in the early hours of yesterday morning that began: Dear Mr. Prime Minister  Youre being very difficult with NAFTA, Justin. We have much to discuss, check you PMs, Trump tweeted Bieber earlier, suggesting the pair meet for crunch talks ASAP.  Bieber then received a direct message from Trump on Twitter at approximately 7:04 am pacific time, catching the 24-year-old singer off-guard who rather than determining Canadas economic foreign strategy was instead preparing for a live show in front of 100,000 fans.  Dude are you friggin kidding me, how the hell would I know? responded the Canadian pop-star to the DM.  Dont play dumb with me Justin, Trump replied, youve negotiated a great deal for Canada and horrible deal for America and Im putting an end to your games once and for all.  You know, none of my advisors thought messaging you was a good idea, the Donald continued. Oh dont tweet this to Justin Bieber, they said. He knows nothing about NAFTA. He wont understand what youre even talking about. They give you no credit Justin, but I do. I know how clever you really are and if you dont meet my demands Ill turn Toronto into the next Hiroshima  Cool was Biebers response to the harrowing ultimatum, before adding the crying laughing emoji.  You see, Prime Minister Justin, people think Im an idiot, but I know a hell of a lot more than I let on, Trump added, continuing to write about himself for the next 11 messages.  Having since received a response from the actual Canadian PM who attempted to quell any tensions between the two nations, Trump responded by claiming he was insulted that the real Prime Minister hadnt responded personally instead of using his assistant, and asked Trudeau if he was any relation to Joe?.  Did you know the BSJ is now on the internet? Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon!) = 0
(MANCHESTER, UKAlexis Sanchezs long awaited move to Manchester United is just minutes away from being completed according to a 3 day old press report in The Sun.  The alleged news article details the minor issues holding up the move and say the transfer will definitely be completed by tonight or 3 nights ago to be more specific.  The Chilean, who according to differing reports has already agreed personal terms with the Red Devils, signed for Manchester City and signed a new contract at Arsenal, is relieved to finally be close to an announcement.  Ive been refreshing the Man Utd subreddit for 72 hours and still nothing, a visibly upset Sanchez revealed. I cant believe its taken this long.  The breaking news is corroborated by similar reports in The Express, The Star and Metro, and claims the private plane Sanchez has been circling Manchester in, has enough fuel to last until January 31 at 11pm GMT.  For more, follow our football page on Facebook and Twitter) = 0
(DUBLINSources close to the Irish media personality Eamon Dunphy have confirmed the 72-year-old has been hospitalised this morning, after learning of the retirement of Wes Hoolahan.  The RTE football pundit was, according to family, extremely distraught upon hearing Hoolahans announcement, and was said to have been particularly hurt at not having heard the news from Wes himself.  He was so young, so so young, Dunphy reportedly kept repeating about the 35-year-old Norwich City midfielder. He barely got a look in. Well never know what he could have really done in a green jersey.  RELATED: Kenny Cunningham to have surgery on eyebrows after abuse on social media  Hoolahan, capped 43 times for the Republic of Ireland, admitted to being a little sad at the prospect of leaving the Irish setup and absolutely devastated that he may have killed one of Irelands most popular tv figures.  Luckily Dunphy is said to be in a stable condition and his health has improved dramatically in the past few hours after a visit from Hoolahan. After wiping the tears from his eyes, Dunphy is believed to have told Wes he would be honoured if he would join him on the RTE panel to take [his] rightful place amongst the pantheon of former Republic of Ireland legends.  To tag a friend, click here.  For more, follow our football page on Facebook and Twitter) = 0
(Chelsea have rolled out the red carpet for former Man Utd goalscorer, Radamel Falcaos press conference, after the forward agreed a one year loan deal from Monaco.  Even Roman Abramovich was moved to speak to the media of his joy at securing Falcao: I really believe that Radamel is the next in a long line of expensive forwards that ruin their careers at Chelsea. He scored as many goals as Chris Smalling last season. We actually think he could be worse than Kezman.  Falcao acknowledged the difficulty of stepping into the same boots as Torres, Kezman and Shevchenko, but appeared relaxed about his future:  I could have joined City and become a success like Tevez or Aguero. But I think in this moment, I prefer to sit on bench and earn 250,000 a week. Maybe I will pick up a drug habit like Mutu. Maybe Mourinho will somehow send me out on loan. Many avenues are open to me.  Falcaos career has followed a similar path to former United and Chelsea star Juan Seba Veron, and Falcao was quick to pay homage to his fellow South American: Juan Seba is the holy grail of terrible signings. Every South American who dreams of one day playing in the Premier League, is in awe of what he accomplished. Not just at Manchester United, but even worse at Chelsea. He made Djemba Djemba look like Zidane.  Veron has since retired and currently works in London. He does not regret his time in England and says his time there was a great learning curve for his current role. Im working part time in Madame Tussauds as a stand in for the Ali G statue which is being cleaned. he said, waxing his head. Standing around was pretty much all I did in the Premier League so this role was a natural fit for me.  Mourinho confirmed his intention to immediately loan out Falcao, along with 78 others: We will probably loan him to Bolton or something. My transfer strategy is much like the first time you play a new version of Football Manager; buy and loan every player in sight and see what sticks. If I dont have half the population of Iceland out on loan, then Im not doing my job.  The Chelsea boss seemed irritated by Falcao questioning the move to Bolton Wanderers and his insistence on referring to Mourinho, as The Special One:  I think it is HE, who is the special one You know Special in the head Hes not very smart is what Im trying to get at he said. What do you (media) want from me? My agent is JORGE MENDES. You figure it out. he shouted, before storming out.  Who do you think was the best Chelsea striker? Shevchenko, Mutu, Torres, Ba? Can Falcao surpass them all? Let us know on Facebook and Twitter) = 0
(IN what is being described as a major break from tradition, Canadians across the globe are embracing and celebrating American Thanksgiving this year, specifically giving thanks theyre not American.  For the first time ever, despite celebrating their own Thanksgiving only 6 short weeks ago, citizens of the great White North are coming together with family and friends to give thanks theyre not presently residing in the United States.  When you see whats going on down there, specifically in the past 206 days, it really just puts things into perspective, one Canadian woman posted on facebook. Makes you want to grab your loved ones close and thank God none of you are American.  Another man who described himself as a proud Canadian, today admitted he was celebrating an American holiday for the first time.  Last year I needed life saving surgery I couldnt afford and the Canadian government didnt let me die, so yeah, Im pretty thankful Im not American, he tweeted.  CBC News interviewed one local Calgary family, the Roberts, who were busy going around the dinner table, each giving a reason why theyre thankful to not be from the USA.  Abortion, gun control, oh, oh, Trump, Spacey, Harvey Weinstein! declared the youngest child. Oh, those are good ones, Mrs Roberts replied, reminding the children of the importance of understanding exactly why to be so thankful theyre not part of the 50 states.  The Roberts eldest daughter, explained some of the differences between the two countries shes most thankful for, saying:  You know its the little things. Like when I go to the mall or to school in Canada Im like a lot less likely to be killed by an assault rifle than if I were in the States, so Im thankful for that I guess And you know, healthcare has its uses i suppose.  Meanwhile in a televised address, Prime Minister Trudeau stopped short of declaring the day an official Canadian holiday but reminded Canadians to remember those less fortunate.  Today, let us all come together and remember that no matter what Im doing, it could be worse, the PM said in the House of Commons. All Canadians should give thanks we didnt have to choose between Clinton or Trump. Not every country is so lucky to have such amazing politicians as Canada.  Did you know the BSJ is now on the internet? Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon!) = 0
(VANCOUVER, BCAfter announcing that British Columbia will operate state-run marijuana dispensaries across the region, the provincial government today unveiled a new flagship weedemporium set to become the largest in the world.  The 41,400 sq. ft. stoners paradise will replace the current site of the Vancouver Art Gallery and will be officially opened on July 1st by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.  The 3-floor megastore is expected to generate the province revenue in the trillions of dollars, industry analysts predict, and will become the first building in Vancouver to be smellable from Grouse Mountain.  The news has shocked many local businesses and legislators who fear the venture could attract an unsavoury element to the area surrounding the gallery, as well as those who feel the business is unneeded.  While our choice of the current site of the art gallery may appear surprising, rest assured our research indicates there is demand for marijuana in that area of Downtown Vancouver, a BC spokesperson responded. Were confident we can make this work.  On the contrary the emporiums newly-hired Curator, Dr. Beesee Budd, questioned if the site will be big enough to meet demand.  While we will endeavor to meet Vancouvers insatiable appetite for weed, we still anticipate long delays in the first few months or years of business, she warned potential customers, hinting at a possible expansion of the facility in 2020.  Related: Middle Lane Of Lions Gate Bridge Closing To Make Way For New Bike Lane  Reaction from the general public has been mixed, with many Vancouverites seemingly unaware that the building wasnt always a weed store, while others are shocked at what the city of Vancouver is becoming.  A place where you can just walk in off the street and buy weed, in Vancouver? Never thought Id see the day, Mark, 57, told our reporter. Its deeply unsettling.  With the VAG not expected to move until 2019, the Gallery and marijuana megastore will be expected to work simultaneously sharing space until the gallerys new home is ready. Well weve been working on each other doorsteps for decades now, whats a few more months? VAG Director Emily Pivot accepted.  Did you know the BSJ is now on the internet? Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon!) = 0
(MANCHESTER, UKAfter being labelled the biggest mercenary in football, Alexis Sanchez has today pledged to donate 10% of his record breaking salary to his former club Arsenal.  The 29-year-old caused controversy last month by signing for the mega-richbut largely unknownManchester United, and now Sanchez has decided as a show of good will to help out his cash-strapped former employers.  Times are pretty tough at Arsenal right now. Ever since they moved into that new 60,000 seater stadium the club has barely made over 420m a season, Sanchez told ArsenalFanTv. Hopefully this can help in some small way.  Sanchez, who according to British tabloids must be one of the 100 richest people alive, will donate one tenth of his wages which could earn his former side up 30,000 per week.  It will help keep the lights on for another year I suppose, Martin Keown told the BBC, but hes still one of the worst human beings to have ever lived. Right up there with Hitler.  Not all reaction to the news has been positive however. Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola used todays press conference to complain that Sanchez had not offered any compensation to his club despite pinkie promising to sign for the Citizens.  For more, follow our football page on Facebook and Twitter) = 0
(VANCOUVER, British Columbia has become the first Canadian city to impose a strict ban on all U.S. nationals travelling to the region while in the possession of nuclear weapons. Hundreds of Nuclear Weapons Free Zone signs have now been stationed along border crossings to advise tourists of the change.  Please be advised that the City of Vancouver will no longer be granting entry to visitors from the United States who wish to travel with WMDs or thermonuclear missiles of any kind, a spokesman for Canada Border Services Agency announced, confirming the city will now impose a strict zero-tolerance policy on nuclear warheads for the foreseeable future.  Despite no previous record of any American ever attempting to bring nuclear material to Canada, the City of Vancouver insists the ban is absolutely necessary.  We ask all American citizens wishing to bring nuclear weapons to Vancouver to please check them in at a nearby municipality such as Richmond or Burnaby, but ideally Surrey, an official COV statement read.  The announcement also included a brief apology, as is Canadian law:  We dont want to appear unwelcoming to our neighbours but there are over 10,000 nukes down there and we just cant take too many chances. Were sorry, thats just the kind of city we are and we make very few apologies for that.  Similarly the U.S. State Department issued a warning to all Americans hoping to bring their nuclear missiles north of the border:  All US citizens wishing to travel to Vancouver risk an on-the-spot-fine of $250 CAD (which we estimate is worth US$7.50) if found in possession of any bombs above nuclear grade level.  While the sign makes no mention of Americans specifically, its heavily implied, according to COV officials. Well who else could we talking about? Jamaica?  Of course Vancouver hasnt always been a nuclear free zone. In fact nuclear weapons have long been a contentious issue in Vancity, akin to the death penalty or abortion. Throughout the late 90s the pro/anti nuclear weapon debate raged across the Lower Mainland. After a slim majority voted against the use of nuclear firearms inside city limits, the open carry of nukes was consequently outlawed in 2004. The ban was an undoubted success with city officials reporting no increase in the number of WMDs in Vancouver since its inception.  How do you feel about this controversial ban? Join the debate on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon for more on this) = 0
(A defiant Stephen Harper has refused to stand down as leader of the Conservative Party, and instead, signalled his intent to move the party to a new breakaway state, known as the Republic of Western Canada.  Speaking in the immediate aftermath of the election results, Harper appeared to suggest he would resign as Conservative leader following the landslide loss.  However during Justin Trudeaus victory speech, The Wolf of Sussex Drive stormed back onto the stage in his native Calgary to dismiss rumours of his reported retirement and make the shocking announcement:  Now is not the time to rest, he said to rapturous applause. Now more than ever, Canada needs traditional values and realistic goals. Which is why Im proposing Western Canada separates itself from our Ontarian and Qubcois rulers. I would like to formally announce my candidacy to become the first Prime Minister of Western Canada.  Displaying a surprising level of foresight, the defeated leader revealed discussions are already underway with a leading Republican candidate in the US:  As the leader of the new Republic I look forward to building a long fruitful relationship with our neighbours in the US, once President-elect Donald Trump is sworn in. Were already working on plans to create thousands of new jobs for Canadians by building a wall between West and East Canada.  Stephen Harper.  Despite the Liberal party claiming a majority government, in Alberta, the Conservatives won an overwhelming majority, suggesting Albertans have little faith in Trudeau.  The Republic of Western Canada has a difficult decision ahead, the outgoing PM said. When I meet average, everyday Canadians, they tell me theyre tired of the East deciding the future of Canada. I believe its time for the West to rise up and break away from our oppressors. Vancouver can stay in Canada however. Once again, those pot-smoking hippies have let the west down.  When asked what a Western Republic would mean for the regions First Nations population, Harper said: We need to keep Canada for Canadians. Our ancestors didnt steal this land, just to see it stolen from us. So, as a peace offering to the indigenous people of Canada, we would like to offer them Vancouver Island. Feel free to do with it what you will.  Gilles Duceppe, Leader of Bloc Qubcois, dismissed Harpers plans, saying: What a ridiculous idea. Why would anyone want to leave this great country?  The Republic of Western Canada Facebook group has already amassed almost 12,000 members, suggesting a potential uprising is imminent.) = 0
(VICTORIA, BC  Prince George is in a stable condition after being hospitalized today, following an accidental collision with Justin Trudeau, a Royal Family spokesperson has confirmed.  The third in line to the British throne was airlifted to Royal Jubilee Hospital following what sources earlier described as an encounter with the Canadian head of state.  Despite suffering a blow to the head from the Prime Ministers right elbow, the 3-year-old is expected to make a full recovery.  Well keep him in for observation over the next few days, but he should be fine Dr. Stevens told the BSJ. Hes lucky the force of the blow was so weak.  While no member of Prince William or Kate Middletons security team was present during the clash, many of Trudeaus staffers who witnessed the incident claimed it was entirely accidental and merely a result of the PM attempting to high-five the toddler once and for all.  On behalf of all Canadians I apologize wholeheartedly, the Prime Minister told reporters, as the Prince was wheeled to an emergency helicopter. I really thought he was gonna go for it this time.  Despite Trudeau apologizing unreservedly for his part in the bizarre incident, he hinted that the great-grandson of Queen Elizabeth II may be overreacting slightly.  Im sure it was quite a shock for him, but honestly the contact was minimal, he told CBC Vancouver. Trust me, Ive elbowed tons of people, and this was like a 6 out of 10 at best.  Like the hive-five, Im sure hes milking this for all its worth, now hes the new darling of the internet, he added, while visibly foaming at the mouth.  The Liberal leaders critics have been quick to point out his chequered history with physical contact, since becoming Prime Minister.  Now, this is a trend. Justin Trudeau is a monster and needs to be stopped, roared NDP MP Ruth Ellen Brosseau, outside the Princes hospital. If and when George is able to speak, Id love to discuss with him an upcoming class-action suit that I think hes going to be very interested in.  For more real news, give us a follow on Facebook and Twitter) = 0
(WASHINGTON, DCAmerican President Donald Trump has paid homage to the late Stephen Hawking, saying the entire stable genius community is stunned at the death of the world renowned physicist.  Its quite shocking, we had no idea he was ill, began President Trumps morning briefing. On behalf of the entire stable genius community, we will miss him and he will always be with us and be one of us.  Related: 5 Signs Youre Secretly A Stable Genius  While the President was quick to point out that Hawking was not one of the big ones like him, the 2-time Albert Einstein Award winner was well known inside the stable genius community, Trump confirmed.  He was honestly one of the greats, no doubt about it, the 45th president sighed, right up there with myself and Alex Jones, Stephen will be remembered as one of the great stable geniuses of our time.  Not a lot of people know this but he always called me a demagogue which he says is latin for the Donald Trump of physics, Trump added, signalling his intention to have a statue of Hawking built with the quote emblazoned on it.  Did you know the BSJ is now on the internet? Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter, or support us on Patreon!) = 0
(MANCHESTER, UKAlexis Sanchezs long awaited move to Manchester United is just minutes away from being completed according to a 3 day old press report in The Sun.  The alleged news article details the minor issues holding up the move and say the transfer will definitely be completed by tonight or 3 nights ago to be more specific.  The Chilean, who according to differing reports has already agreed personal terms with the Red Devils, signed for Manchester City and signed a new contract at Arsenal, is relieved to finally be close to an announcement.  Ive been refreshing the Man Utd subreddit for 72 hours and still nothing, a visibly upset Sanchez revealed. I cant believe its taken this long.  The breaking news is corroborated by similar reports in The Express, The Star and Metro, and claims the private plane Sanchez has been circling Manchester in, has enough fuel to last until January 31 at 11pm GMT.  For more, follow our football page on Facebook and Twitter) = 0
(LIVERPOOL, UKWayne Rooney has issued a staunch defence of his latest drink-driving charge, calling on his critics to try being in Liverpool sober if they think its so easy.  At a press conference Monday morning, the former Manchester United star told the assembled media that spending time in the city of Liverpool isnt all its cracked up to be once you sober up.  Honestly you lot [the media] have no idea what its like, Rooney declared.  With a clear head theres nowt to do here. It rains all the time and the shopping centre is fucking tiny. Literally all there is to do is drive down to the pub for a few pitchers.  Despite Englands record goalscorer still living predominantly in Manchester, Rooney claims even spending 8-10 hours a day in Liverpool is enough to drive him to drink:  At first it was great being back home after 13 years but mainly because I was getting pissed all the time. But without that I never really noticed how dead weird all the accents are here. Ive no idea what people are bleeding harping on about half the time.  Wayne Rooney  Plus I dunno if youve noticed, but when youre not smashed off your face Everton are actually quite a bit shitter than Man United. So theres that too, he added.  Honestly if Im gonna somehow survive the next 9 months here I dunno what Ill have to do Probably weed.  What do you think of Rooneys comments? Could anyone live in Liverpool sober? Let us know on Facebook and Twitter) = 0
(CHELSEA captain, John Terry, has unveiled a new app called Wagger, based on the popular dating app Tinder. Terry, in partnership with Tinder, have announced that the app will only be available for professional footballers. Wagger will be free for women to join, while footballers will be offered 3-tier membership including the 1ook-a-week Gold package. Tinder CEO, Jamie Barratt, moved quickly to quash talk off the app being discriminatory; Some people might say that were being unethical, for only allowing footballers, but rest assured we are being just as selective with the women who use this app. We also plan to offer the services to other sportsmen in the near future. One golfer in particular has declared an interest.  In fact, women wanting to sign-up to the app must submit 10 full body photos of themselves, while Instagram gym selfies are strongly encouraged. JT himself, personally reviews each female applicant and often conducts interviews with potential WAGs. Terry says his hands-on role is key to ensuring his familys financial future after football. This has been a pet project of mine for a few years now and Im determined to see it succeed. Im only thinking of my wife and kids.  Steven Gerrard backed his former England teammates new venture, and said it was good to see the family man back on his feet:  I think its a great move for JT. We all slip-up every now and then. Some of us lose our wife and children. Some of us lose the Premier League title. Some of us lose the European Cup. Shit happens.  Steven Gerrard  Terry speaking at the apps launch, said he wanted to do some good and says Wagger actively discourages infidelity by offering an Are you married? Yes or No button on the sign-up page. He said, Ive had some bad press in the past but I want to put that all behind me, by helping others. Were not reinventing the wheel here, but hopefully we can make it slightly easier for professional footballers to find women for casual sex. So far, Ive found the work very rewarding.  Terry seemed in a jovial mood at the press conference, as when asked whether footballers WAGs would be admitted to use the app, he quipped I think that might be a bridge too far, as his tongue tore through his cheek.  Barratt, keen to get ahead of the inevitable backlash from womens activist groups, said their company was simply filling a gap in the market. Its simple supply and demand, said the Tinder boss, and we have a huge demand for this app, mainly from JT himself. When asked why the app was not available for female footballers looking for men, Terry said,  listen, wed love to, but the whole Hope Solo kicking the shit out of her husband thing has really put men off of women footballers. Also they honestly they couldnt afford it, but we welcome them to apply under the Former Fashion Models category, provided they meet the specifications.  John Terry  Wagger outlined the 3 packages available to professional footballers:  Bronze: 10k-a-week  Suitable for: Lower level Premier League player. (e.g. Jonathan Walters)  Women: Former fashion models, football club secretaries, local hairdressers, etc.  This package only shows girls within 50km of a clubs stadium. Away day blues add-on can be purchased additionally, which allows the user to see profiles within 10km of teams hotel for away trips.  Silver: 50k-a-week  Suitable for: Leading player for a mid-lower level Premier League side/ Average player at a leading club. (e.g. Saido Berahino)  Women: Glamour models, reality tv stars, soap actresses, etc.  Profiles can be seen on a national level with some of the most beautiful women in the country just a swipe left away. Reality tv and even some tv presenters available but come with an over inflated ego and sense of entitlement.  Gold: 100k-a-week  Suitable for: One of the elite (richest) players in world football. (e.g. Zlatan)  Women: International models, rich heiresses, Mexican weather girls, etc.  The premium package offers a feast of international models, each one personally screened by Mr. Terry himself. Discretion is paramount with this package, as is the ability to date multiple partners at once. For those needing a PR boost the International Celebrity add-on is available for a small fee. Foreign language lessons may be required. The Golden Package is also available to accommodate a taste for the mature woman (75+).  Follow FM Football News on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram for more breaking news.) = 0
(Jose Mourinho has announced that Chelsea have conceded the 2015/16 title to Man City after just two games: We cannot catch them, mathematically the title race is over, Mourinho said. Five points is an insurmountable lead, with only 109 remaining. Now we must reflect on what has happened and rebuild for next season. I congratulate Manuel, his players and particularly, his marvelous medical team.  When asked what he felt the difference was between the two sides, Mourinho said: Fitness; our players are not fit. Man City have a medical team with a very good understanding of football. We have a medical team with a very good understanding of social media.  Jose Mourinho continued his thinly veiled attack on Eva Carneiro and his medical team: My players were not fit enough to last the season. They tired greatly in the second half of the season, against City.  With Paddy Power already paying out on a Man City title coupled with Mourinhos announcement, some say the pressure could tell on Manuel Pellegrini. However the City manager says he will not let Mourinho mind games get to him this season. I couldnt give a fuck what Jose says anymore. Everyone knows this is my last season here, I have no pressure at all.  The new carefree Pellegrini continued, by taking swipes at his current employers: I cant wait to watch City try and appoint Pep, only to end up with Benitez. And Ill probably get at least a season at Real after this.  Mourinho denied any attempt at mind-games: Nonsense. I would like to congratulate our new champions. They fully deserve the title as their performances this season have been extraordinary. Also I would also like to congratulate Leicester on securing Champions League football. They will represent the Premier League well.  Follow and share FM Football News on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to see more breaking news.) = 0
(ATLANTA, Georgia   More than 40 NFL players from 8 different teams have been put into protective custody after the commission received an anonymous threat stating a planned attack against people who took a knee during the National Anthem. The threat, which was received via mail, has been confirmed as genuine by the FBI.  We have received information that demanded our immediate attention and action, and we have worked quickly to protect key targets in the NFL, said FBI spokesman Carl Lore. We have determined that the threat is real, and that we needed to place 43 of the players into protective custody, along with their immediate families.  For their safety, the players and teams were not mentioned specifically, but it wont be long before fans start to find out who is missing.  Unfortunately, many of these players have upcoming games, and they will not be able to play, said Lore. We have worked very closely with the NFL on this, and they have been very cooperative in providing their full assistance.  There was no official comment from the NFL at the time of this writing.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(LOUISVILLE, Kentucky   Louisville coach Rick Pitino, one of the winningest coaches in NCAA history who has won 770 games and two national championships and made seven Final Four appearances while also weathering multiple scandals, was put on unpaid leave Wednesday, after he was accused of secretly partnering with Adidas to funnel nearly $100,000 to the family of an elite prospect.  In response, Pitino asked for his release, which would entail a full contract buyout, ringing it at over $40 million dollars. His first purchase? The Playboy Mansion.  Ive wanted to buy the mansion for as long as I can remember, that grotto is a dream, said Pitino. Hugh Hefner was a legend, and a personal idol. He was smart, business savvy, and could  and did  have every girl he ever wanted. His death is tragic, but thankfully, his death has granted me my ultimate wishto become the new owner of his Playboy Mansion.  In 2015, a self-proclaimed escort named Katina Powell claimed in a tell-all book that she had been part of over 20 parties set up by the school for basketball players. The parties would bring in prostitutes to engage in sex acts with recruits to entice them to attend the college. At the time, Pitino had said he had no knowledge of the parties, but his most recent purchase may indicate otherwise, at least in the eyes of detractors.  No, I definitely didnt know of any sex parties at the school, or for players, said Pitino. All I know is what I heard afterwards. I wasnt even invited, which is a total drag. I will tell you that I know of a lot of upcoming sex parties, you can bet on that. I wont say when, but everyone absolutely knows where.  Pitino has been the head coach in Louisville for almost 2 decades, but says that being put on leave might be the best thing that ever happened to him.  I was upset at first, but in retrospect, sports arent forever. Theyre not tangible, theyre nothing. Theyre just in the now, said Pitino. You know whats forever? The Playboy Mansion. Thats forever. Its legendary. I cant wait to move in and try it outif you know what I mean.  The sale is expected to go through within the next few weeks, as soon as Pitinos contract payment is processed.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(ATLANTA, Georgia   NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell has announced that he will step down from his position in light of the recent events surrounding players on several teams kneeling or sitting during the National Anthem. President Trump recently blamed Goodell for the behavior of the players, and said that he should be ashamed of himself.  I am extremely ashamed, and I am embarrassed by the behavior of these players, said Goodell. President Trump is absolutely right that this is my fault. I allowed this to happen, and the players should be fired  but thats not my decision to make anymore, as I am stepping down from this position.  Goodell says that it isnt just the recent events that lead him to this decision.  Did you see the number of towels, t-shirts, and flags with my picture on it? Me, with a clown nose, said Goodell. I honestly just couldnt take it. I ordered all broadcasters to not mention it at all, but there must have been 60 to 70,000 people wearing the shirts at the Patriots opener. Its just too much pressure, and Im done.  The NFL has not yet said who they play to put in charge at this time, as they were completely blindsided by Goodells departure.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(DECATUR, Alabama   A Decatur man, 47-year-old Mark Perry, has found a legal loophole in Alabama law that will allow him to marry a 19-month-old baby. Perry, a lawyer for more than 20 years, said he discovered the loophole by accident almost a decade ago, but never thought that he, himself, would need it.  It wasnt until I met Charlene that I knew, we had to be together, said Perry. Shes absolutely the one for me, and theres no one Id rather spend the rest of my life with.  The law in Alabama stipulates that a man must be of legal, consenting age to agree to marry, but the poor wording means that a woman could enter into marriage at any age. Because Charlene cannot sign her own name, though, her father will have to give consent and sign for her. Thankfully for Perry, Charlene is the daughter of his law partner, Craig Lewis. Lewis says that he is absolutely overjoyed at the thought of his long-time friend marrying his daughter.  Frankly, I wish that they would have found each other sooner, said Lewis. Ive never seen Charlene so happy before in all of her life. Most of the time, she cries and whines, but not when shes with Mark. Hes the only one who can calm her down. Its really amazing, their love is so pure and true.  The couple are planning a spring wedding.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(WASHINGTON, D.C.   The CDC is warning of a deadly new disease, dubbed on the streets as Super AIDs, which is killing people at an extreme rate. So far, there have been more than 2800 deaths through the United States, and thus far, doctors and researchers are stumped on a possible cure.  How the disease is contracted is yet unknown, but it causes extreme loss of motor functions, as well as skin blistering and swelling. People have also been noted to lose their teeth and show severe gum rot. Hair and fingernails have also been seen to begin to fall out.  This disease is the most disturbing thing Ive seen in my entire 47 years as a doctor, said Dr. Kyle Chandler, a medical researcher at the Center For Disease Control in Washington, D.C. We have no idea how to treat this illness, and we dont know whats causing it. The people come from all walks of life, and there doesnt seem to be any connection between their living situations or lifestyles. Were working diligently, but were at a loss.  The CDC warns that if you begin to exhibit any of the signs of the disease, to see a medical professional immediately.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(DEAR ALLISON,  How do I know if the man I married is really the one? My husband and I have been married for 2 years. He does everything for me. He works three jobs so I can stay home and build my small business. He cooks, and cleans. Hes fantastic in bed. We are doing really wellbut there is something thats just missing. What if I made a mistake?   CONCERNED in CALIFORNIA  Dear Concerned,  The man sounds like a saint. To be honest, I dont think he probably is the one for you. If anything, he sounds like the one for me. After the string of losers Ive been with, I could use a man who knows how to cook, how to clean, and how to do me right. Tell you what, Concerned  you let him go. If he comes back, then hes the one. If you find him in my bed, then it looks like he was the one, but youre too stupid to have known it. Youre living every womans dream, and youre thinking it might have been a mistake? You must be a lesbian.    DEAR ALLISON,  For my 18th birthday my boyfriend got me a tattoo, but I didnt tell my parents. I still live at home, and my Dad will FREAK OUT if he knows that I got Chris Forever tattooed on my thigh. How do I tell my parents that I got inked?   TATTED in TALLAHASSE  Dear Tatted,  First off, the fact that youre barely 18 and you got your boyfriends name tattooed on you already screams how dumb you are. There are people who have been married decades who dont do stupid things like that. My suggestion would be to tell your parents as soon as possible, and hope they forgive you enough to help pay to have it lasered off. The only name you should put on your body is your childs. Hell, you shouldnt even put that. Get a damn flower or a heart like every other teenage idiot out there, and call it a day. Since I got this letter 2 weeks ago, Id assume that Chris has already left you for some other bimbo. Now you get to spend the rest of your life dating only men named Chris, or else theyre going to go limp as soon as you take your pants off.    DEAR ALLISON,  My mother is a die-hard Christian, and on more than one occasion has made it quite known to me, my family, and everyone else who will listen that she hates gay people, and thinks they are an abomination. Im 23 now, and Im afraid to come out of the closet for fear I will lose my mothers love. What do I do?  -IN THE CLOSET in INDIANAPOLIS  Dear Closet,  Man up, my gay friend. If your mother is such a bigot that she would disown her child because of their sexual orientation, than you dont need her! Find a new mom. Find a mate, and have their mom be your new mom! There are plenty of people out there who will accept you for who you are. It will probably be hard at first to tell your mother, but if she cant handle it, then how is she going to handle when you find a mate? Get married? Adopt children? In my opinion, your mother needs to grow the hell up and deal. Its 2014 for crying out loud. How much longer are we going to have to deal with these conservative bigots? Listen, you tell your mom that shes going to have to accept you, or you smack that bitch in the face. No two ways about it. Good luck!  You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allisons weekly column is published every Monday exclusively by Empire News.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(MOBILE, Alabama   With gay marriage now legal in all 50 states and rainbow flags (the universal symbol for gay pride) flying all over the country, one man who makes it a point to destroy every rainbow flag and spray paint over rainbow bumper stickers he sees, now wants to destroy actual rainbows.  I used to like seeing a rainbow in nature,  Buddy Jones told Confederate News. Now all I see is a symbol for faggotry. Makes me sick to my tummy to see a rainbow in the sky. I want to destroy them because theyre making me crazy and I think destroying rainbows will really get on queers nerves, but I dont know how to kill rainbows myself.  Thats where Jones wants scientists to step in and help.  I know a lot of scientists are fag sympathizers, Jones said. But there are some good Christian scientists out there who could use their scientific smarts to destroy rainbows. Scientists can build talking robots and send people into deep space, how hard could it be to destroy rainbows?  Jones is calling out scientists to take up his rainbow destroying cause.  Maybe scientists could build a laser gun that instantly blows up rainbows, Jones said. I dont know. I just think this is an important cause. Queers took rainbows from us and made them their own, now we gotta show them there are consequences to what they did. And think about this: How long before some other sicko group takes something cool from nature? Like clouds or something. We gotta destroy rainbows now.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(BAZOS, Croatia   A team of explorers who have been searching for the lost city of Atlantis for the better part of 30 years have reportedly discovered the ruins of the Mecca, located approximately 30 miles beneath the surface of the Mediterranean Sea, directly off the coast of Croatia.  According to the research team, there is more than $300 billion worth of lost treasures within the city, not to mention the city itself.  People have been searching for Atlantis for hundreds of years, with many thinking that it may never have existed at all, said Mark Kempf, lead of the expedition. Through hundreds of hours of research in books before setting out on our trip, we were able to locate the approximate area where we believed the city to be, and after repeated attempts to reach the area, we were finally successful last week.  Kempf says that it will become increasingly difficult to have many people visit the area, as he believes the more people that know the area, the fewer treasures there will be.  Oh, the place will definitely be overrun with pirates very quickly, which is why we are not releasing the citys exact location at this time, said Kempf. This discovery will definitely put my childrens childrens children through college, though.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(DETROIT, Michigan   A new survey released today from the prestigious Harvard College of Detroit shows that residents across the state rated Flint tap water higher on the Trustworthiness scale than current President Donald Trump. In the study, they found that Trump only was able to score a 14%, while Flint tap water scored a surprising 49%.  Well, what do you expect? said Michigan resident Duke Henry. Thanks to the tap water in Flint, were really, really good at smelling shit. We know when something isnt right. I cant see through the tap water here, but I can see right through that Cheeto, and all of his lies.  Resident Shirley Tanner agrees. At some point you have to stop blaming the water for the fact your kids are dumb and lazy, she said. I would trust a fart after a Taco Bell run more than Id ever trust President Trump.  Other findings from the study were also critical of Trumps trustworthiness. Donald Trumps lies affect brain development, in both children and adults, but especially those active on the internet, said Dr. Miles Teller, who conducted the study. Exposure to Trumps falsehoods can also cause, among other things, full-blown retardation in those exposed for long periods of time. The neurological and behavioral effects of his lies are believed to be irreversible.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(WASHINGTON, D.C.   Theres widespread and growing lack of confidence in the safety of vaccines. If you know anyone who still believes that vaccines cant cause autism, you might want to show them this article. Take a look at the DTaP vaccine insert:  These reports come directly from the FDA website, where they have had it posted for several years, although it was buried under a lot of links and other research that obscured the actual research.  This has been a problem for many, many years, and Im glad its finally coming to light, said Dr. Mario Garcia, who was one of the first to find the correlation between vaccines and autism. I was shut out for years from being able to talk about this, but now that others are finding out, I am very grateful. Please, do not vaccinate your children.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(WASHINGTON, D.C.   Rick Morris, head curator for the Smithsonian Museum, announced that their latest acquisition was from recently departed magazine magnate, Hugh Hefner  but this item is not a standard piece from his mansion or his offices.  The Smithsonian has acquired from Hefners estate his actual, severed penis, which was removed during autopsy and has been dipped and preserved in 24 karat gold.  This is one of our biggest acquisitions as of late, said Morris. Both physically, and in purchase price. The emblazoned 9 inches cost us a record $2.9 million dollars.  The money was paid to Hefners estate, and will reportedly be used to pay some outstanding legal fees and taxes, with the remaining being divided by his heirs.  The penis becomes part of the permanent display in Washington, D.C. on October 31st.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(BOSTON, Massachusetts   Weve all heard before how over-washing or over sanitizing your hands can be bad, because it can cause bacteria and germs to mutate, and become harder to kill. Well, it turns out that wasnt just another old wives tale.  Researchers at Harvard Medical College in Boston have discovered a new strain of super bacteria that has already claimed the lives of over 600 people, all because those people had a weakened immune system from over-washing and over sanitizing their hands.  We tested 480 of the 600 people assumed to have died from this super microbial bacteria,' said research head Dr. Charles Marvin. All of the tested subjects proved positive for this new strain. With this much strong evidence, we can conclude that over 600 people have died from this new bug. At this time, we dont believe there would be a way to vaccinate from, or cure this disease.  Dr. Marvin is recommending that people stop washing their hands with soap or sanitizing when in public buildings and restrooms.  Unless youve straight pooped on your hands, then dont worry about washing, its really not that big of a deal, said Dr. Marvin. And even then, consider maybe just wiping off the poop with a towel if that does happen, for some reason.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(DEAR ALLISON,  Sometimes I think my step-mother really holds me back from having any fun. If I ask her if its okay to go to movies with friends, she wont let me unless I do something for her, like the dishes or mow the lawn or any number of other household chores. I am the only one that she makes do this  my two step-brothers and my step-sister get to go out and do whatever they want. Why does she make me do things but they never have to?  -CRYING in COLORADO  Dear Crying,  You dont have to be such a crybaby, you know. Just do the damn dishes, and then you can go hang out with friends or go to the movies. Your step-mother is letting her kids do things without paying her for them because they are the fruit of her loins. Since you were ejected from some other womans lovehole, shes more than likely making you pay for it. No step-mother has ever liked her step-children. Havent you ever seen Cinderella? Your best bet is to hurry up and turn 18, so you can tell her exactly where to go, and exactly how to get there.  DEAR ALLISON,  I hate it when people spoil the endings of my favorite TV shows or movies I havent seen on social media. Simple question, but how do I get people to stop talking about things before I see them?!  -UGH in UTAH  Dear Ugh,  First, let me congratulate you on coming up with the worst damn pseudonym that Ive ever seen. Ugh? Oh God, you must be 12. Anyway, this might come as a surprise to you, but you could, you know, get the hell off the internet once in a while. You could also stop worrying about TV and movies getting spoiled for you, because theyre just entertainment, and if knowing who died on last nights episode of Game of Thrones before youve had a chance to watch it is ruining your life, I think youre going to have much, much bigger problems in life the older you get. Good luck in life, Ugh. Youre definitely going to need it.  DEAR ALLISON,  I got married last week, and my mother-in-law got completely hammered drunk at the wedding. Long story short, she ended up hitting on my still-very-married father. It made my mother extremely upset, and now my husbands family and my family will have nothing to do with each other. What can I do to reconcile this whole ordeal?  -TOASTED in TULSA  Dear Toasted,  Who cares if your families cant get along? Do they really have to have anything to do with each other? My husband hasnt spoken to my side of the family since the wedding four years ago, and hes never been happier. In case you didnt know this, in-laws have never gotten along with their son or daughters significant other. Or you could play it the complete opposite way and try and get your parents divorced so you can hook up your father and mother-in-law. It could be one big, happy family. Its really your call. Either way, people do stupid things when drunk. If your mother doesnt know that, she must be a complete and total stick in the assor mud. Whatever floats your boat.  You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allisons weekly column is published every Monday exclusively by Empire News.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(WASHINGTON, D.C.   President Trump has made a big deal about not showing his taxes, trying desperately to hide his actual income and net worth from the public. The reason why, many have speculated, is that he not only has cheated on his taxes, but that the forms would reveal how little he actually has in income. As it turns out, that is partially correct.  Although Trump has made a fortune selling his name and branding buildings, it was also recently discovered that the worlds most powerful leader is completely and totally flat broke.  The President has a rather extreme, but somewhat relatable addiction to buying and collecting movies, said a source from inside the White House. I know that seems kind of bizarre, but Trump is like a big man-child, and his love of movies is vast. He has dedicated an entire wing of the White House to his DVD and Blu-ray collection. He has approximately 89,000 movies. Its a full time job for a team of 3 people to organize and alphabetize his collection.  According to the source, Trump spends nearly $30 million a year on his movie collection, and lately that number has increased, as he spends more and more on high-priced, out of print collectible copies, and on newer and more expensive titles, such as those that are being released in 4K high definition. For someone who was reportedly worth billions only a decade ago, the collection has slowly killed his net worth.  The President has a problem, and its coming to a point where someone needs to have an intervention with him, but no one knows how, said the source. Hes out of control. On Black Friday, where sales are at their best, he went out and bought almost 100 new movies in one day. Then, just because that kick-started the buying bug, he ordered another 270 movies on Cyber Monday. The guy has a problem, and its killing us all.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(BOSTON, Massachusetts   A white college professor at Boston College, Mark Ryder, 38, underwent over 200 hours of expensive cosmetic surgery to look as black as possible, with hopes that he could prove to his Ethics in Law class that there was no such thing as a racial bias by police, and that the media like to hype up issues with African Americans by police.  According to reports, though, Ryder was shot and later arrested by police after he tried to leave his doctors office and walk to his own car across the street.  My client was simply walking to his car, which happened to be a brand new Tesla, and was stopped by police, said Ryders lawyer, Carlton Fisher. They assumed he was stealing it, and despite when being asked to show his hands and complying, officers shot Mr. Ryder twice. He was struck in the arm and the ribs.  Police reports show that Ryder was not cooperative with police requests, and was shot after an officer believed he was reaching for a weapon. Naturally, the officers body camera was switched off.  Ryder has since been released from prison, and is planning a lawsuit against the Boston PD. He has also retired from teaching Ethics in Law, stating that English is a much easier, more straight-forward class.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(DEAR ALLISON,    My boyfriend of 4 years and I have been seeing each other less and less lately, as I recently started a new job. When I come home to him at night, he seems withdrawn and doesnt enjoy havingwell, were not as intimate as we used to be. Hes not working and I pay all the bills, so I dont think hes stressed out or anything. I dont want to be that bitchy girlfriend who goes through his Facebook or his phone to see if hes been talking to other girls, but I think he might be cheating. Should I confront him, or go about finding out another way?   SUSPICIOUS in SACRAMENTO  Dear Suspicious,  Of course hes cheating on you. The only thing a man wants more than a good steak is a good ol fashioned. If you are coming home from a long day at work, and hes been lounging around all day and its him that doesnt want you, there really is no other explanation. Id suggest that you be that bitchy girlfriend and go through his phone or Facebook. You dont want to confront him, because whats the point? Is he just going to say oh, youre right, dear, Im cheating.? No, hes going to deny it. Your best course of action is to wait until hes asleep and smell his penis. It sounds crude, but everyone knows men rarely wash themselves period, and the odds of him showering after having his mistress over is zero. Definitely sniff that shaft, and youll have all the evidence you need.  DEAR ALLISON,  My girlfriend of two years is lazy and doesnt wanna do anything for me. In my circle, the other girlfriends will make food for the game, and then go off and do their own thing, but they always come out to see if we need more beer or snacks, you know? My girlfriend doesnt do those things, and its embarassing. My bros, they give me crap about how lazy she is. When we watch the game at my house, she doesnt wanna cook, and then she sits around, trying to talk through the game. Like were interested in listening to her long, boring stories about shoes? The other day I was checking out my buddys girlfriends ass as she bent over to pick up our beer cans, and I thought  thats what I deserve. Im wondering if I should break up with her because this isnt working, and its not like I dont have other options.   FED-UP in FREEPORT  Dear FED-UP,  Start packing her bags right now  I cant believe youve dealt with her for two years! By this point she should definitely know her place. If she isnt going to make you a sandwich and sit quietly during the game, or let you go out with your bros without nagging, then she isnt the one. Look at your buddies; sounds like theyve got their women trained perfectly! There are plenty of girls out there who have learned their lessons, so just choose one of the dumb sluts youre probably already flirting with, and plug her hard. After youve gotten your ex out of the way, make sure you tell the new girl how much you love the cheese dip your buddys girlfriend always brings over, and set the expectation that thats what you expect out of your woman. Out of desperation to please you, shell learn to jump right up at the sound of a crushed beer can, or you can tell her where to go, too.  DEAR ALLISON,  I hate my mother. She has the mentality of an extremely spoiled teenager in the body of an overweight, pushy fifty year-old troll. She is in complete denial about all the abuse she put me through when I was growing up. She says that everything bad in her life is my fault, and shes posted nasty stuff to my Facebook wall, like telling me that she wishes I was never born. Its got so bad that I had to block her. She still continues to spread rumors to my friends and family, saying that I pawned her jewelry for drugs or that Ive prostituted myself for spare change. These lies hurt, because my family and friends are now ostracizing me. Ive never even had sex, and she knows it! Every time we talk, its a blow out. Should I try to reconcile with her, or should I just move on with my life?  -MISERABLE in MALIBU  DEAR MISERABLE,  Judging by your letter, Id say you and your mother have more in common than you think! You must be extremely spoiled yourself. Here you are calling your mother nasty things in a massive public setting, just like you say shes done to you! Way more people will see your letter here, calling your mother a fat troll, than the minimal amount of friends and family members who she no doubt has on her Facebook page. How do you think shes going to feel when she sees your letter here? Yeah, probably the same way you felt when she called you a little whore. Your family probably doesnt want to talk to you anymore because youre the worst kind of bitch  the kind who blames everyone else around her for her own shortcomings. Plus, they probably know youll steal their valuables for drug money next! Go to counseling with your mother. You both sound like a couple of nut jobs.  You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allisons weekly column is published every Monday exclusively by Empire News.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(WASHINGTON, D.C.   In an unplanned and quietly announced session at the White House on Friday, President Trump signed a bill reversing the gay marriage laws, and revoking the right for homosexuals to get married. The bill was signed only a short 20 minutes after Trumps tax plan was made official.  As a Christian, and as someone who wants America to be great again  as great as possible  I cannot, in good conscience, allow for gays to get married in this country, said President Trump. They will have to settle for just being boyfriends or girlfriends. Thats really all they need, anyway.  The decision to reverse the law, which of course was created under Obama, comes as no surprise to Trump supporters, even the gay ones.  I voted for him so, I mean, I guess thats what Im going to get, you know? Said Marcus Crumb, a gay man in New York City. I dont know why I even marked his name off on the sheet. I could have chosen Jill Stein, you know? But she just has like, no style at all, and Trump wears just the most fabulous suits. Ill take looking at Trump over getting married any day. No one says I cant still like pumping a guy in the ass, right? I dont need a piece of paper just cause Im in love.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(WASHINGTON, D.C.   President Trump made a controversial tweet earlier today, commenting that any player in the NFL who kneels during the National Anthem are secretly gay, and that theyre just on their knees to think about sucking all the dicks.  The tweet has been reposted and favorited tens of thousands of times, with many people commenting that theyre in 100% agreement with the President.  Frankly, Im sick and tired of these NFL bitches thinking they can do whatever they want, say whatever they want, act however they want, and get away with it, said Freddie Jones, 34, from Atlanta, on Facebook. Ive been a Falcons fan my whole life, but Im paying them to play a game when I buy a ticket, not kneel down like a bunch of fags. Stand up for our anthem, Goddamnit.  No official comment has been made by the NFL at the time of this writing, and President Trump said that he would respond to any one of those dick gazers that responded in dissent.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(CONCORD, New Hampshire  On Saturday evening at approximately 6 p.m., a mysterious light took over the skies in major US cities across the East Coast. People in New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island and even parts of New York reported seeing a blue or green object streaking through the sky. Social media went crazy as well as news stations as people tried to figure out what was happening.  NASA reported on Twitter that the sighting was a result of a U.S. Navy test: Light seen in OC sky was confirmed through John Wayne Airport tower to be a Naval test fire off the coast. No further details.  On Sunday, police in several Eastern states had received nearly 845 missing persons reports of people who have just disappeared. 95% of the missing people reported by Sunday evening were women between the ages of 18  23. Police are saying they cannot confirm that the incident on Saturday evening has any connection to the missing persons reported.  What happened on Saturday evening in California has nothing to do with the amount of people that have gone missing since then, said Detective Ron Alvarez of the New Hampshire Missing Persons Bureau. It was a missile that everyone saw on Saturday and that is that. It has been confirmed by the Federal Aviation Administration as a missile, and people need to leave it just as that. In the meantime, we are doing everything we can to find the people that are missing.  Conspiracy theorists are not convinced by the governments explanation of the enigmatic light after photos surfaced of strange, unknown creatures found dead in fields Western Maine. These theorists say that as quickly as these photos appear on Facebook, they are taken down.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(BOSTON, Massachusetts   An extensive study performed by a research team at Bostons prestigious Harvard University have concluded that people who are in possession of a cat are, in fact, cat owners.  For years, people have been asking the question, I have a cat  am I a cat owner?, and we finally have an answer for them, said lead researcher, Dr. Cris Craven. The answer is, without a doubt, yes.  Many people who own a cat were fearful that they may, in fact, be dog owners, which most said would worry them greatly.  It would be horrible to be a dog owner, said cat owner Rae Jean Robinson. My cats would definitely not like it if I was a dog owner. I mean, Ive never had a dog around, because I cant stand dogs, so I was pretty sure I wasnt a dog owner. But this actually confirms that I am, in fact, a cat owner, so Im stoked.  Researchers are still working to determine whether people who are in possession of a horse are, in fact, horse owners.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(Dear Allison,  It was my 21st birthday a couple days ago. The ONLY thing I asked my Nana for was a pair of diamond earrings. I dont know how I should feel because I found out they are cubic zirconium. My stepmother pointed it out yesterday, and thinking about it, I cried on the way to work. I dont know if I should say something. I dont want to sound like a spoiled brat, but it was the only thing I asked for. Should I mention it? I really want to say something.  -Faked Out  Dear Faked,  Aww, poor you. Too late, you already sound like a spoiled brat. 21? Nana is wise enough to know youll lose an earring during one of your many drunk night  most likely while youre going down on a stranger with an STD who picked you up while you were blacked out at the bar. What are you, a rich bitch? Its time to grow up and realize Nanas bank account doesnt revolve around you. Whatever your job is, it isnt hard enough. You should try mining your own diamond for a bowl of gruel a day.  But then again, Im not really the person to ask since my own mother wouldve slapped me if I had the balls to ask for diamonds. Maybe you should buy yourself a bunch of booze and get the courage to call your Nana. Im sure if you whine enough shell get you a much better present next year.    Dear Allison,  I am torn between my 16 year-old daughter, Uniquea and my bae, Tyrone. My fianc got me a stuffed monkey for my birthday a couple weeks ago. Wellllllllafterwards we got in a fight, and he wanted it back. I told him no, cuz he gave that to me. Anyway, he comes over to get it, and we got in another altercation over it. After we had it out, he apologized and started kissin up on me. My daughter screamed, she sick of him hustlin me and after kissin on me like it was aight. Then she took his Ray-Bans and ran in the other room. I screamed at her to give em back, but she twisted them till they was broke beyond repair. Tyrone insists Uniquea needa pay for them out of her hair/nail allowance, but I say Tyrone shouldnt of been over here provokin in the first place. Should I side with my man or my daughter?  -Hassled at Home  Dear Hassled,  Your fianc sounds like quite the catch. I bet the moment you dont put out, he demands you give him all those cheesy I Luv You Valentines teddy bears that line your headboard. Unfortunately, it doesnt matter what you do. Youre screwed. Youre daughters screwed. It doesnt matter if Tyrone is in your life because youre all cursed to live an ignorant, drama-filled existence, regardless. Continue modeling that kind of behavior and just pray Uniqueas first baby isnt doesnt end up with as God-awful a name as she did and that her baby-daddy actually pays child support.  You can email your questions for a future column to AskAllisonAnything@gmail.com. Go Ask Allisons weekly column is published weekly exclusively by Empire News.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(WORLDWIDE   The Internet has been buzzing over the last couple of weeks as stargazers prepare to witness the most miraculous event seen in this generation. On September 5, 2017 the moon will appear to duplicate 37 times, with this phenomenon being visible from almost every spot on Earth. According to astronomers, this event will not recur until the year 2274, and hasnt happened in nearly 300 years.  For those who are unaware, the Earths moon is positioned approximately 22 light years away from us, almost on the other end of the Milky Way, which means we dont see the Moon the way it is visible today; we are actually seeing a version of the moon from 22 years ago. On September 5, we will see a reflection of the last 37 years due to a cosmic light anomaly from the suns once-in-a-lifetime alignment.  If you are as excited about this as everybody else is on the Internet, SHARE this with your friends so they do not miss this once-in-a-lifetime event. Remember, this will not happen again for nearly 260 years!  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(BOSTON, Massachusetts   A man has filed for divorce only hours into his own wedding night after panicking after discovering that his new wife was not exactly what she claimed to be.  Ken Spencer, 26, filed for a divorce with Tiana Smith, 28, only four hours into their wedding night, after discovering his partner had a penis.  The newlyweds, who are both devout Catholics, and had waited until marriage to partake in any sexual relationship, were about to consummate their vows, when Spencer discovered things were not as they should be.  Its short, stumpy and crooked. It leans on the right at a 45-degree angle, then curves back to the left. Its definitely the grossest thing Ive ever seen, he explained. I thought that Tiana was a woman. Shehewhatever. There was no mention that he was a man.  Divorce attorney Kevin Goldstein claims that his client was lied to about the sex of his partner, who had never told him that he was born a man, and still had a penis. Spencer is also suing his former partner for $30,000, which is what he estimated was spent in wedding costs, plus a canceled $5,000 honeymoon trip to Hawaii. Tiana had sent me pics of her boobs and even a couple down-the-pants shots, and I still have them on my phone, said Spencer. She was definitely trying to deceive me. It was either someone elses vagina, or she tucked it back. Either way, Im sick just thinking about it. Ill show them to the judge, and hell agree with me.In many states, the fraudulent conduct of one spouse may provide grounds for divorce. The definition of fraud in the context of divorce law equates to one spouse grossly misrepresenting issues so important that the other spouse would not have married him had she known the truth.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(DELUTH, Mississippi   Best Buy Inc., the nations largest electronics retailer that hasnt yet succumbed to Amazon, posted record high deaths during their annual Black Friday sales this morning. CEO Mark Chambers noted that in all of the companys 1200 stores, there was at least one death, with several stores having multiple people die during the event.  The Austin, Texas store, which came in last place in 2016 with only 1 death, skyrocketed to first place this year, said Chambers. Store 2118 right in downtown Austin had a staggering 23 deaths this year, and we couldnt be more proud. They had 13 people trampled, 6 were shot, 3 had heart attacks, and 1 was stabbed in the neck for the last blu-ray copy of Wonder Woman. It is truly an amazing feat.  Walmart also posted high numbers of deaths and injuries this year, although they were down from 2016, where the company saw 1,884 deaths, including 28 employees.  Employee death is something we have yet to achieve, but we think well get there, said Chambers. Walmart really knows how to get things done. Were learning a lot from them.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil   Analysts fear tensions with the Russians could lead to another war if the Russians are banned from participating in the Olympic games. The Russian sports minister says up to 67 athletes have applied to track and fields world governing body to be exempted from the ban on the Russian team at the Rio de Janeiro Olympics  The IAAF is unlikely to approve most of the 67 athletes, since it has previously indicated the exemption is aimed at a small minority of athletes based abroad.  When a global governing body for sports barred Russias track and field team from the 2016 Summer Olympics on Friday over a wide-ranging doping scandal, it was greeted in Russia, as is with a deep sense of victimhood.  President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia called the decision unjust, of course.  Mr. Putin said, Russia is strengthening antidoping controls and athletes should bear personal responsibility for using performance-enhancing drugs. Punishing the whole team, he said, doesnt fit any norms of civilized behavior.  Outside Russia, sporting officials viewed the unanimous decision as a long overdue restoration of some fairness in competitions. After all, in some sporting events Russian athletes had been trouncing competitors for years before it turned out they were using performance-enhancing drugs.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(North Korean leader Kim Jong Un had some choice words for US President Donald Trump Friday, accusing the American leader of mentally deranged behavior. He went on to say, He is surely a rogue and a gangster fond of playing with fire, rather than a politician, Mr. Kim said.  Mr. Trump on Friday responded with some name-calling of his own. On Twitter, the president called Mr. Kim obviously a madman.  Trump has repeatedly said that, the time for talk is over, and has proposed what is being called a radical diplomatic solution. Epic rap battle. As both leaders enjoy talking smack, and nuclear war would obliterate the human race, this is being hailed as the perfect solution.  Initially Kim Jong Un proposed a wrestling match, but Trump backed down after hearing the rumor Kim Jong Un is a champion ssireum wrestler. Ssireum is a folk wrestling style and traditional national sport of Korea. While it is likely this is yet another one of Kim Jong Uns unsubstantiated claims about his physical prowess, advisors warned Trump that at 71, nearly twice the age of North Koreas leader, this was potentially a game he would not win.  Although North Koreas leader taunted Trump for backing down from the wrestling match, calling him a frightened dog, he accepted Trumps suggestion to rap battle, saying he would annihilate the senile, dotard, American snake bastard.  Critics worry Trumps repertoire of racist slurs and yo momma jokes will not be enough to win the rap battle, but Trump is confident his old white guy swagger will prevail. Rocketman aint got nothin on me, he said in a recent tweet. Still, by coming up with an epic dis like Dotard, Kim Jong Un has demonstrated his masterful use of antiquated language and shown he knows his way around a thesaurus. Trumps straightforward style may cost him points in the creativity category, as so far the best insults he has delivered include nicknames such as, Crooked Hillary, Lyin Ted, Crazy Bernie, and Low Energy-Jeb. Cryin Chuck and Rocketman do show he is capable of alliteration and ripping off Elton John songs though, so he may be able to pull it off.  A date for the competition has yet to be set, but ample time will be given to allow each leader to prepare dope rhymes . The rap battle will be judged by a panel of hip hop artists including Ice Cube, Big Baby Ghandy, Kang Chun-hyok, and Yang Dong-geun.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(BOSTON, Massachusetts   New Englanders, get ready. Although the snow and extremely cold temperatures have come quick this year, things are about to take a turn.  According to NOAA, a series of extreme winter storms are brewing off the coast, with all of them expected to hit most of New England by the middle of next week. The storms, dubbed noreasters because of the direction they travel, will bring over ten feet of wet, packed snow between Tuesday and Thursday.  I dont want to go on record and say this is unprecedented, but its pretty close, said NOAA weather researcher Mark Henry. To get that much snow in such a small window of time is going to be hell for many people. Plus, because of the type of snow, we can expect massive and long-lasting power outages. It will be heavy and wet and packed, and downed trees and power lines will be almost a guarantee. This is absolutely the worst storm Ive ever seen brewing in over 35 years as a weather researcher.  Maine, New Hampshire, and Massachusetts are already calling for a state of emergency, and plow crews from nearby states and Canada are already being prepared to help with the storm.  This is going to be the Big One, said Henry. Everyone get that bread and milk from the store  youre going to need it.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(WASHINGTON, D.C.   If youre having a hard time affording your healthcare through the governments Affordable Care Act marketplace now, then on January 1st, you might have to take out a second, or even a third, job to afford it.  According to reports, the marketplace healthcare costs are going to triple for most plans, with the average cost of a standard family plan hitting $2200 a week.  These increased costs are happening, essentially, because of the freeloaders on government programs, said Martin Long, director of the ACA Marketplace. Theres a lot of people who think that they can get something for nothing, but thats obviously not the case. Someone has to pay for it. And those people are, well, everyone else who actually does pay for their healthcare.  The current pricing model already starts high for anyone who is offered healthcare through their employer.  I cant afford the healthcare offered through my work, said Robert Thomas of New Hampshire. Its about $800 a month for my family at the cheapest option. Thats literally one of my paychecks, gone, each month. And I only get two checks! Because my work offers healthcare, even though I cant afford it, Im forced to get the gold level program through the ACA. And you know what that costs? Yup, about $800 a month. Frankly, its stupid.  When told that the cost for his familys insurance would be going from $800 a month to nearly $2100 for the same coverage, Thomas only had one thing to say.  Thanks, Trump, said Thomas.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(WASHINGTON, D.C.   Now that President Trump has successfully won the War on Christmas, he is setting his sights on another age-old advisory: The War on New Years Eve.  Its despicable that there are so many people wishing each other a Happy New Year, when they have no idea if I believe that next year is going to be better than this one, said President Trump. Liberals like to push their agenda, they want you to have a happy 2018. Well thats not right, thats not going to work for everyone. 2017 was a big year. The biggest year. Im not saying 2018 cant be a big year, but we cant just go out assuming its going to be great, its going to be happy.  Trump said that he has begun wishing people a decent New Year or an Okay New Year, and on at least one occasion, a shitty New year.  I have no reason to wish that specific person a Happy New Year, and I dont particularly want them to have a Happy 2018, said Trump, not mentioning the person by name. Frankly, though, this entire happy nonsense has got to stop. Im officially declaring it dead, and killing this war on New Years.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(PALM BEACH, Florida   President Trump has spent most of his winter vacation golfing with friends and family at Mar-A-Lago in Palm Beach, but on his latest outing, the President was caught with his pants upwhen perhaps they should have been down.  According to photographers at the golf game, President Trump was on the 13th hole and right after teeing off, he let out a massive, wet, drippy fart sound.  It was simultaneously hilarious and disgusting, said Chris Robbins, the photographer who captured the immediate aftermath. I wasnt getting any really good shots throughout the day, but then I heard Trump rip one, really hard and really wet. I look over, and he has literally shit himself. It was made even more hilarious because, like most dipshit golfers, he was wearing stupid clothes  white pants!  Robbins was able to get a great shot of the President being scurried away by a member of his staff and his caddy, with brown streaks running down the back of his pants.  I honestly think this picture might win me a Pulitzer, said Robbins. Its far and away the best thing Ive ever taken. So many of the other guys bought me beers in the Mar-A-Lago club lounge after this photo was published, I could barely stand up. Hell, I almost shit myself.  The President had no comment on the incident, and maintained that it never happened.  0  Comments  comments) = 0
(Attacking Trumps political rivals  In the run-up to the 2016 presidential election, Mr. Trump was one of 17 candidates who vied to be the Republican candidate, and none of his opponents were safe from ridicule in The Enquirer.  In October 2015, a headline called Ben Carson a bungling surgeon. The article said he had potentially butchered one patients brain. A month later, an article called him a disgraced doctor with a violent past.  In June of that year, an article claimed that Jeb Bush, the former Florida governor, had cheated on his wife, citing unnamed reports that linked Mr. Bush to a Playboy bunny-turned-lawyer.  Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee and a favorite target of Mr. Trump, took the brunt of the scorn. A September 2015 article, using information from sources, said the desperate and deteriorating 67-year-old wont make it to the White House  because shell be dead in six months.  In August 2016, she fired back at Mr. Trump and what she called fringe media. Mrs. Clinton said, This is what happens when you treat The National Enquirer like gospel.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  The 2016 election is over, but the criticism of Mrs. Clinton has continued. In February 2018, an Enquirer cover story claimed she was part of a conspiracy: Obama & Hillary Ordered F.B.I. to Spy on Trump!  A shared foe: Obama  For years, Mr. Trump has relentlessly attacked his predecessor, Barack Obama, and The Enquirer is no different.  In January, an Enquirer headline read, Barack Obamas Russian Spy Inside the White House.  In February 2017, days after Michael T. Flynn resigned as Mr. Trumps national security adviser, the tabloid claimed that Mr. Obama had a secret plot to impeach Mr. Trump. And as recently as March 2017 the tabloid continued to claim that Mr. Obama, who was born in Hawaii, was foreign born, even though Mr. Trump had since let go of the false birther theory that he long promoted.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  For the love, and defense, of Trump  The National Enquirer and its parent company have not only helped the president by denigrating others, but also repeatedly praised Mr. Trump, his decisions and his character.  In March 2016, for the first time in its 90 years, The Enquirer endorsed a candidate for president  Donald J. Trump.  While Ms. McDougal and a pornographic-film star, Stephanie Clifford, who is known professionally as Stormy Daniels, have come forward and said they have had affairs with the president, The Enquirer recently ran a favorable cover that blared: Donald & Melania Fight Back! Exposing the Lies, Leaks & Intimidation. How Theyll Crush Their Enemies!  Saudi cash and a special edition  Mr. Pecker visited the White House in July 2017 and took along with him a special guest, a French businessman who advises one of Saudi Arabias richest men. Through an Oval Office visit and at dinner with Mr. Trump, Mr. Pecker showcased his access to the president  and word got back to Saudi Arabia.  Several months later, Mr. Pecker traveled to Saudi Arabia. In January, he sought Saudi investors to help bankroll a possible acquisition of Time magazine, according to two people with direct knowledge of the matter. American Media disputed that. As Mohammed bin Salman, the crown prince of Saudi Arabia, arrived this month for a tour of the United States, Mr. Peckers company published a 97-page magazine about Saudi Arabia that glosses over troubling details about the kingdom.  There is no mention of the Saudi-led military campaign in Yemen, human rights concerns or the crown princes arrest last fall of many extended royals.) = 1
(Testimony from an F.B.I. agent revealed that prosecutors knew early on, but did not reveal, that one of their crucial initial pieces of evidence  that Ms. Salman had admitted driving by the nightclub with her husband in the days before the attack  most likely did not happen.  Prosecutors also faltered when they argued that Ms. Salman had created an alibi for her husband the night of the shooting, telling Mr. Mateens mother that he was out to dinner with a friend identified only as Nemo. But that line was Mr. Mateens own lie to his wife, defense lawyers argued. They put Nemo on the stand, over prosecutors objections, to testify that he knew Mr. Mateen had used him in the past as a cover story to cheat on his wife.  The more we learned, the better Noor Salman looked, Charles D. Swift, one of her lawyers, told reporters after the verdict was announced.  Photo  The jury of seven women and five men deliberated a little more than 12 hours before acquitting Ms. Salman on charges of aiding and abetting the commission of a terrorist act and of obstructing justice. She had been accused of giving misleading statements to law enforcement officers who interviewed her after the massacre.  Late Friday, the jury foreman said in a statement to The Orlando Sentinel that the verdict did not mean jurors thought Ms. Salman was unaware of Mr. Mateens plans.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  On the contrary, we were convinced she did know, the foreman told The Sentinel, asking to remain anonymous and saying he was speaking on his own behalf. She may not have known what day, or what location, but she knew. However, we were not tasked with deciding if she was aware of a potential attack. The charges were aiding and abetting and obstruction of justice.  And on those charges, he said, the jury was presented with no option but to acquit.  In federal court, where terrorism defendants often accept guilty pleas before going to trial, prosecutors rarely lose cases. A report last year by the Center for National Security at Fordham University School of Law found that, while Islamic State-related cases are more likely to go to trial than federal cases in general, every case that was resolved between March 2014 and August 2017 resulted in a conviction. The national average conviction rate is 92.5 percent, according to the report.  But prosecutors generally have been cautious about filing charges against possible accomplices in terrorism cases. Though an accomplice is sometimes the only one left alive to prosecute, such cases can be difficult to prove.  Prosecutors have got a duty not to be caught up in hysteria, said William N. Nettles, who was the United States attorney in South Carolina when a white supremacist killed nine black churchgoers in Charleston in 2015 and successfully prosecuted a man who had withheld information about that attack.  He said prosecutors must guard against allowing public emotion to influence their decisions.  The federal government should never lose a case, Mr. Nettles said. Prosecutors should never lose. They pick the fight, they pick the day the fight happens, theyve got the best investigative capabilities in the world. It should always be an embarrassment for the government to lose.  After the verdict, two of Ms. Salmans defense lawyers, Charles D. Swift and Linda Moreno, said in an interview that prosecutors had offered their client a plea deal in the weeks leading up to the trial but she had refused to accept it, insisting on her innocence.  The 31-year-old defendant wiped tears from her eyes after the verdict on the first charge was read. By the time the judges clerk finished, Ms. Salman openly sobbed, hugging her lawyers and burying her face in their arms. They, too, wept. She later left the courthouse with Fritz Scheller, another one of her lawyers.  A spokeswoman for the Salman family said Ms. Salman plans to return to California, where she had been living before her arrest in January 2017, to be with her 5-year-old son. She had faced a sentence of up to life in prison if convicted.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  I dont know how shes going to make up for two years, said Al Salman, one of her uncles, who sat two rows behind his niece during the trial. He said he intends to hire a therapist to help Ms. Salman rebuild her life.  Families of the Pulse victims sat in stone-faced silence as the verdict was announced. They walked out of the federal courthouse in downtown Orlando as a group, some of them wearing dark sunglasses, without saying a word.  After news of the verdict spread, a small group gathered outside Pulse, which has remained shuttered since the shooting, holding signs declaring, We will not let hate win.  Those of us directly affected by this tragedy must find peace in our hearts and remember that he was the one who pulled the trigger that night, Barbara Poma, the nightclub owner and founder of a foundation for the victims, said in a statement, referring to Mr. Mateen. This verdict cannot and will not divide us.  Video  The prosecutors, James D. Mandolfo and Sara C. Sweeney, declined to comment, other than to thank jurors for their work and say they respected their decision.  From the start, Ms. Salman had insisted she had nothing to do with her husbands rampage. The prosecution built a convincing case that Mr. Mateen methodically made arrangements for the attack, apparently inspired by the Islamic State propaganda he obsessively consumed online  including a video he watched weeks before the shooting urging bloodshed against Americans during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.  The burden on prosecutors after that was high: They had to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Ms. Salman knowingly and willfully helped or tried to help Mr. Mateen commit an act that would provide material support to the Islamic State. Merely being his wife or unwittingly assisting her husband was not enough, said Joshua L. Dratel, a New York lawyer experienced in defending terrorism cases.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  You have to share the intent of the actor, Mr. Dratel said. You have to do something to make the crime succeed  not do something that makes the crime succeed without knowing that the crime is going to occur. You have to have both of those elements.  Prosecutors did not have to prove a motive, though Ms. Sweeney, an assistant United States attorney, said in her closing argument on Wednesday that Ms. Salman could have aided Mr. Mateen out of love, money or spite. But while Mr. Mateens internet browsing and social media records showed intense radicalization, there was no similar history for Ms. Salman. In fact, twice on Facebook she criticized Islamic terrorists, at one point calling them bad Muslims.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  In todays world, to have a case like that where you have access to all the social media, you have access to the phones, you have access to the computers  all of that, and you dont have a specific piece of evidence pointing to her intent? You dont have a case, Mr. Dratel said.  In her supposed confession, Ms. Salman told F.B.I. agents that she and Mr. Mateen had scouted Pulse as a target for the June 12, 2016, attack, yet investigators apparently knew just days later that there was no evidence to corroborate that. That false statement in her confession called into question the rest of what she told law enforcement over more than 11 hours of questioning without a lawyer present. The F.B.I. made no audio or video recordings of the interview. The jury foreman told The Sentinel that he wished a recording had been available.  Twenty years ago, not everybody who you ran into had a digital recorder in their pocket, and we didnt have CSI shows, and we didnt expect to have everything on tape for us to see, said David S. Weinstein, a former federal prosecutor in Miami who is now a defense lawyer. But thats what we expect now. If there isnt a picture, it didnt happen. So the fact that they didnt record the confession helped to raise this reasonable doubt as to what was being said.  The final coup for the defense came during the prosecutions closing argument, when Ms. Sweeney for the first time suggested that the reason Ms. Salman told F.B.I. agents that she and Mr. Mateen had driven by Pulse was because she incorrectly thought the nightclub was at the Disney Springs shopping and entertainment complex, formerly known as Downtown Disney, which the couple did visit.  Offering an especially chilling detail, Ms. Sweeney suggested that Mr. Mateen bought a baby carriage and doll at a Walmart the night before the massacre so that he could conceal his AR-15 assault rifle and draw no suspicion as he walked toward Disney Springs, which prosecutors believe was his original intended target.  Prosecutors had never before assigned any importance to the stroller, which Mr. Mateen bought alone, while Ms. Salman was miles away, shopping with his credit card. Mr. Swift said in an interview that it showed his client was not in the loop and her husband had intentionally kept his plot from her.  Doesnt it make more sense to got to the Walmart with his wife for a baby carriage? he asked. If she is aiding and abetting, then why isnt she with him? If she was there, she might have questioned him: Why do we need a baby carriage? Their kid did not need a stroller.  The defense asked for a mistrial this week after prosecutors disclosed that Mr. Mateens father, Seddique Mateen, had been an F.B.I. informer at various times from January 2005 to the time of the attack. He is now under criminal investigation for financial transfers to Turkey and Afghanistan he made shortly before the shooting. Defense lawyers argued that the elder Mateens relationship with the F.B.I. should have been disclosed early on in the case.  Mistakes were made by everybody, but nobody would admit to them, Mr. Swift said. Mistakes were made by the interrogators, and by the original people who looked at Mateen, and the prosecution. At every level.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Salman was a solution to all their mistakes, he added. But the jury didnt buy it.) = 1
(Television personality, producer, entrepreneur and former model Tyra Banks has a lengthy resume, but is probably best known these days for instructing aspiring models to smize (smile with their eyes) on Americas Next Top Model, a fashion reality TV series she created and hosts. Its currently in its 24th season. Her book Perfect Is Boring: 10 Things My Crazy, Fierce Mama Taught Me About Beauty, Booty, and Being a Boss will be published in April.  While Ms. Banks mostly travels for work, she describes herself as a master at tacking on pleasure, commonly adding on vacation days to weeks of intensive shooting abroad. Americas Next Top Model has taken contestants around the world, but her favorite was Morocco. What I love about Marrakesh is the people, and the earth, and the architecture are like the same color. Its just that beautiful terracotta color and it just all blends, its just beautiful. The whole town is like a makeup base foundation, she said.  She describes herself as obsessed with hotels, even going so far as to model her own bedroom after a room in the Four Seasons New York. I used to stay there when I was a Victorias Secret model, actually, and I studied that room. I dont think I took pictures back then, but I talked to the interior designer, and I made it as close to that Four Seasons as possible, including the bathtub that fills up in like 60 seconds.  Heres what she cant travel without.) = 1
(In some households, cracking your knuckles is a declaration of war. Whether youre in the camp that cant stand the sound or the one that cant see what the fuss is about, you might be surprised to learn that where exactly the sound is coming from  what precisely in the knuckle produces it  is still a subject of scientific research.  For more than 50 years people have been publishing scholarly papers about what is going on in your finger as you pull it. Lately an older theory, that the sound arises from the popping of a bubble in the joint, has been challenged by one that holds that the formation of the bubble itself is responsible. On Thursday in the journal Scientific Reports, the saga continued: A pair of researchers at the cole Polytechnique in France reveal a mathematical model of a cracking knuckle and suggest that the old theory could accurately explain the sound.  The first thing to understand about the knuckle is that it is full of fluid. Where the two bones of the finger meet, a little lake of synovial fluid keeps them from grinding on each other. There is gas dissolved in the synovial fluid, mostly carbon dioxide, and it usually stays there. However, when the bones are pulled away from each other, theres a sudden drop in pressure in the middle of the joint. Lower pressure allows the gases to come together, forming bubbles. Earlier work had suggested the collapse of such structures was behind the noise.  In 2015, however, Greg Kawchuk of University of Alberta and collaborators used an M.R.I. scanner to record what was happening in the finger of a volunteer who was a frequent knuckle-cracker. In the images, you can see the sudden appearance of a bulge in the knuckle as it is cracked.  This is the result, Dr. Kawchuk and colleagues wrote, of the formation of a bubble, which persisted for some time afterward, and whose creation might be responsible for the cracking noise. They posited that the bubble generated a pressure wave in the fluid, producing a sound. However, it was not clear how that wave could be powerful enough to make the distinctive crack.  More Reporting on Mathematics  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Abdul Barakat, a professor of biomechanics at the cole Polytechnique in France, and Vineeth Suja, then a masters student, came across the 2015 paper as they grew interested in knuckle-cracking themselves. To see whether even the old theory could produce a sound of that magnitude, they created a simplified mathematical model of a joint with a bubble in it and ran simulations, comparing the theoretical sounds of the bubble collapsing in the model with recordings of Mr. Suja, who is now a doctoral student at Stanford University, and others cracking their knuckles.) = 1
(A grandly proportioned 14-room apartment on the 11th floor of the 120 East End Avenue co-op building, opposite Carl Schurz Park and facing the East River, is being put on the market by the family that has owned it for more than four decades.  The seller is the estate of Christine Beshar, one of the first female partners of a Wall Street law firm. She died in January. The asking price will be $8.95 million, said Serena Boardman of Sothebys International Realty, who is the listing broker, along with her colleague, Meredyth Hull Smith. Monthly maintenance is $10,485.  Photo  Mrs. Beshar specialized in trust and estate law at Cravath, Swaine & Moore, and was made a partner seven years after she was hired, in 1971. The following year, she and her husband, Robert P. Beshar, also a lawyer, moved into No. 11A at East End Avenue, on the northwest corner of 85th Street, with their son and three daughters.  The young familys move came at a time when the city was experiencing soaring crime and serious financial issues, and many residents were fleeing to the suburbs.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  New York City was really in tough shape, but my parents saw value in this apartment, with its enormous, sun-filled rooms and magnificent views, said Cornelia Beshar Spring, one of Mrs. Beshars daughters, estimating that her parents paid less than $200,000 for the place back then.  Photo  Not too much has been done to the apartment since the Beshars settled in 47 years ago, and remained until their deaths. (Mr. Beshar died in 2014.) They were very good stewards of the architectural integrity of the apartment, Ms. Boardman said, which is very rare today.) = 1
(Given the partisan tumult of 2017, many Americans probably feel like they could use a cold shower or a hot bath. In stressful times like these, it can help to find a relaxation regimen, which might explain the popularity of Eastern traditions like tai chi, qigong and yoga.  The photographer Andy Richter, a Minnesota native and former ski patrolman, has been devoted to his yoga practice since 2004. In 2012, he set out on a mission to deeply explore yoga, including visiting with many masters.  The times were living in, theres a lot of pressure on us that is really nonstop, he said. We need tools and ways to be able to control our inner state. Im not just there trying to illustrate a posture or pose. Im trying to tune into whats going on before me, and really transmit this inner experience that the yogi in front of me is having.) = 1
(The rules, aimed at cutting tailpipe emissions of carbon dioxide, a major contributor to global warming, were one of the two pillars of Mr. Obamas climate change legacy. Put forth in 2012, they would have required automakers to nearly double the average fuel economy of new cars and trucks to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025.  If fully implemented, the rules would have cut oil consumption by about 12 billion barrels and reduced carbon dioxide pollution by about six billion tons over the lifetime of all the cars affected by the regulations, according to E.P.A. projections.  The rules also would have put the United States, historically a laggard in fuel economy regulations, at the forefront worldwide in the manufacture of electric and highly fuel efficient vehicles. The United States and Canada are the only major nations that have adopted mandatory emissions standards through 2025. The European Union has only recently proposed standards for 2025 and 2030, while China has only started to work on standards for those years.  Less restrictive regulations in the United States could provide an opening for automakers to push for more lenient standards elsewhere as well, leading to the emission of more pollution by cars around the world. While sales of electric vehicles are starting to take off, they still represent barely 1 percent of global car sales. A shift among car buyers toward larger cars and trucks is already impeding progress in fuel economy.  The concern is that automakers will go around the world basically trying to lobby regulators, saying, look, because the United States has reduced the pace, everywhere else should too, said Anup Bandivadekar, a researcher at the International Council on Clean Transportation, a think tank that focuses on clean car technology and policy. Global carmakers apply developments in one region to lobby for changes in other regions.  American automakers initially accepted the plan by Mr. Obama in 2009 to harmonize what was then a hodgepodge of pollution and efficiency standards set by the E.P.A., the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and California. And the automakers werent in much of a position to resist; they had just taken an $80 billion bailout to survive a global economic crisis .) = 1
(Photo  PYEONGCHANG, South Korea  I spend 90 percent of my time covering the White House and Capitol Hill, where I wait around for hours for photo ops and news conferences. The Olympics, on the other hand, are a grueling three-week marathon of nonstop physical exertion  for the photographer.  Photo  I mostly cover alpine skiing, which forces me to be in really good shape. Im not an expert skier. And when you put 40 pounds of equipment on your back and have to ski down to your photo position, it can be quite dangerous and exhausting. There are also many locations where I have to hike up the mountain to get into position  again carrying all my equipment  and then stand in place for two to three hours in temperatures that, here in South Korea, have been in the single digits.  Photo  I started my Olympic training the day after Christmas by strapping on the same backpack I would carry here, but loaded up with a barbell that weighed 30 pounds or more, and walking hills and steps near my house for up to an hour every day. (On many days my wife walked with me, carrying a backpack with slightly less weight in it.)  Video  Im 57 years old, and every Olympics I try to work a little harder to be in better shape than I was for the previous one. On this trip, Ive averaged 14,000 to 18,000 steps per day.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Eighty percent of those steps have been taken while wearing a backpack filled with two cameras, at least three lenses, chargers, extra batteries, hand warmers, power bars, ice crampons, sunscreen and usually a bottle of water.  Photo  Once in position on the mountain, its a waiting game. You try everything to keep warm. I pasted toe warmers onto my smart shirt near my kidneys. (All your blood goes through your kidneys.) I learned this from a group of Japanese photographers at my first Olympics in Albertville, France, in 1992. I also like to put two toe warmers in each boot  one on the top of my toes and one on the bottom.  Photo  I constantly push myself to shoot as many events as I can. These are my 14th Olympic Games, and Im already looking forward to my 15th.) = 1
(WASHINGTON  Hope Hicks, the White House communications director who worked behind the scenes to direct the president through multiple professional crises  and decided to resign after she found herself exhausted by them  has left the building.  Those left behind are wondering what happens now.  Thursday was the last day at the White House for Ms. Hicks, a 29-year-old from Connecticut, whose unlikely career trajectory from corporate public relations hand to White House communications director kept pace with President Trumps own unorthodox rise to the Oval Office. Over three and a half years, from the early trenches of the presidential campaign to desks within earshot of each other in the West Wing, Ms. Hicks had become Mr. Trumps most trusted aide  and, perhaps most important, his unofficial translator to the rest of the staff.  Her ability to anticipate what he wants and also execute cant be replicated, said Hogan Gidley, a White House spokesman. At least not immediately.  Ms. Hicks never gave a single on-camera interview during her time in the White House. Unlike her boss, attention from the news media was never something she sought.) = 1
(Almost every day, Ms. Micu weighed her choices. Some days, she was sure she would stay. The house was in a safe neighborhood, roomy with a swing set in the backyard. Before the storm, she was even planning an addition. Other days, she knew moving was her only choice. Both options were expensive. Selling meant taking a big hit: She paid $183,000 for the house six years ago and figured it was not worth much more than half of that now. But for as long as they lived in their temporary apartment, she was paying rent and a mortgage. FEMA gave her about $16,000, but the renovation bids were all around $70,000.  By the time the four-bedroom house passed a mold test in February, Ms. Micu was thinking that she might split the difference. Move her family elsewhere, but keep the house as a rental. With my sons immune system, I cant have a situation where the mold is a trigger, said Ms. Micu, a Houston native whose parents are Filipino immigrants. I cant take the chance.  Something else was nagging Ms. Micu. She wondered how the subdivisions could have been built in a reservoir. And if they had to be sacrificed, shouldnt the homeowners be compensated?  This pushed our lives in another path, she said. How could we have known that we would return from Dallas and practically have to start over?  The questions are what pushed her to look for a law firm. In September, she became one of the lead plaintiffs in a federal class-action suit against the Army Corps of Engineers.  Harvey took away my photo album with pictures from every year of my life. It took so many things. It took the purse that my husband bought me as a gift. He spent three months looking for it, she said.  Harvey took away my sense of security, but so did the Army Corps of Engineers. What happened to us was wrong.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Starting Over  When Paulette Delynn Archer, 70, greets a visitor in the doorway of her one-story brick house, she is framed by large picture windows that reveal the emptiness inside, where flooding and renovation have left little more than wood studs between the front door and the back patio.  Come in, let me show you the house, Ms. Archer offered in a cheery voice that soon gave way to silence. Well, this used to be my house. Now its just a shell.  Ms. Archer had once delighted in having guests over to see her four-bedroom home, where everything was the color of soft gold or pumpkin. This is where she had raised her only son, where her husband and mother spent their final days, where she had planned to spend her remaining days. But the four feet of mud and water that gushed through the house had demanded something radically different.  Two decades ago, Ms. Archer and her husband had paid roughly $200,000 for the house and watched it appreciate to more than $300,000. She said it would cost well over $100,000 to renovate the house and her FEMA grant would only cover a small fraction.  Video  In the mornings, while staying at a La Quinta Inn, Ms. Archer would make lists in a blue three-ring binder of items lost, mostly items that came to her in her dreams. I finally stopped trying to sum up my entire life. It was just too stressful. But that list told me that as much as I loved my house, there was no way out of this but to sell, said Ms. Archer, who spent the first part of her career as a flight attendant then became a police officer for the Port of Houston Authority. I couldnt get a loan at my age and with no job. How would I pay it back?  She had lost everything once before, as a teenager in a house fire. The crushing loss felt the same; the inability to recover felt far different.  Like other homeowners, Ms. Archer said she had no idea the house was built in a reservoir. She was told over and over that she did not need flood insurance, she said. Two or three times she purchased it anyway and then let the policy expire.  Three years earlier, she had taken out a reverse mortgage, which allows homeowners over 62 years old to convert equity into cash. After the flood, her house was worth less than the loan balance. It left her in a terrible bind. I am sitting here thinking that I am not going to be able to get out of this situation, she said.  She eventually negotiated with the lender to offer the house as a short sale for $125,000. Earlier this month, Ms. Archer closed on the sale and walked away for good. Now fearful of floods and the sound of hard rain, she plans to move near a nephew in Dallas, where she will re-enter the job market 10 years after her retirement.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  There is no way I could have imagined I would be starting over at this point in my life, she said, then sighed deeply. I know everything will be O.K. Eventually.  Staying Home  On a fall afternoon, as they were in the garage sorting the few salvageable pieces  the roar of trucks carting debris in the distance  Mr. Swanson turned to Ms. Swanson, his wife of 24 years.  I dont want to leave. Do you? he blurted out. Ms. Swanson shook her head. Neither did she.  For the Swansons, rebuilding was the only choice. They knew it would be hard, but this was home.  Instead of returning to work, Mr. Swanson pitched in on the repairs. For now, Ms. Swanson said, it make more sense for Jeff to be home helping with the house rather than to be on a job making $12 an hour. The couple also bought flood insurance.) = 1
(Photo  When Craig Claiborne discovered Maida Heatter in 1968, she was already a bit of a Miami Beach celebrity. She and her husband, Ralph Daniels, a former airline pilot, ran a small restaurant, and Ms. Heatter, a jewelry maker, illustrator and self-taught baker, made all the desserts. The locals were crazy about them.  Mr. Claiborne, then the food editor of The New York Times, was in town to cover the culinary side of the Republican National Convention. As a publicity ploy, Ms. Heatter got her hands on some canned elephant meat and developed a recipe for elephant-meat omelets with sauted bananas and chopped peanuts. No one ordered it, but the stunt got Ms. Heatter the attention she had hoped for. Mr. Claiborne arrived to cover the omelets but left besotted with Ms. Heatters desserts.  So much so that in 1970, Mr. Claiborne featured three of Ms. Heatters cakes in The New York Times Magazine. One was a recipe for a simple lemon cake that Toni Evins Marks, Ms. Heatters daughter, had found. She sent it to her mother, who tinkered with it and renamed it the East 62nd Street Lemon Cake because thats where Ms. Marks lived. It quickly became a favorite among Times readers. Nancy Reagan and Bill Blass were said to be fans.  Four years later, with encouragement from Mr. Claiborne, Ms. Heatter published her first cookbook, Maida Heatters Book of Great Desserts, for which she won a James Beard Award. She wrote several more (many included the cake recipe) and earned two more James Beard Awards. At 101, she still lives in Miami Beach (the restaurant sold in 1974), and with a niece, Connie Heatter, she is working on a compilation of her fans favorite recipes, to be published in summer 2019.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  In late January, the Food section received a reader email urging us to publish Ms. Heatters East 62nd Street Lemon Cake on NYT Cooking. We quickly pulled the recipe from our archives, took beautiful new photos and published it online. Almost immediately, enthusiastic reader comments trickled in, like this one from Edna: This is a favorite in our household. I made it for the first time 40 years ago when I was in the fourth grade! Now with a household of my own, it is a regular!  The cake itself is a golden Bundt, scented with lemon zest and painted with a tangy lemon-sugar syrup while still warm, an elegant dessert for almost any occasion. Top it with berries and whipped cream, or leave it plain and serve it with tea.) = 1
(Current and former teachers, students, alumni and many parents quickly voiced their support for him. Various petitions circulated. One that passed around the upper school, where there are 279 students, in advance of the firing, received 190 signatures. A few days after Mr. Frisch was let go, Abraham Levin, a senior, organized a student walkout in protest, and several teachers joined it. Many students expressed the idea that it was ridiculous to think of the incident as anti-Semitic, Mr. Levin told me. At one meeting, he said, a student worried that the schools reaction could increase actual anti-Semitism because it had the effect of making Jews seem uptight and crazy.  Mr. Frisch was known as an approachable and passionate teacher. Before the start of each class, he would ring chimes to initiate a moment of silence before the work began, but before that he would ask students whether there was anything on their minds, unrelated to multivariable calculus, that they would like to bring up.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Ben is an exceedingly gentle soul and, to many, was a representation of the Quaker spirit of Friends, Jordan Barowitz, a former clerk of the alumni council told me. This incident has stirred up powerful emotions about the changes at the school.  Over the past 10 to 15 years, Friends, which had once primarily educated the bohemian class, has increasingly come to mirror the altered demographics of downtown, attracting ever-wealthier families, which has led to a lot of discussion about whether the school has veered too far from its traditions of modesty and reflection.  The school has developed what Philip Schwartz, who retired from Friends in 2014 after 48 years on the faculty called, an edifice complex. There are flat-screen televisions in the cafeteria that display menus. A major renovation will bring an additional 20,260 square feet of academic space, a home for the schools Center for Peace, Equity and Justice, and a rooftop greenhouse. Shocked by the recent upheaval, Mr. Schwartz said that in his half-century at the school, the biggest change he witnessed was the increasingly dominant role played by parents. When he arrived in the 1960s the school had no endowment.  The danger of any educational institution rooted in progressive values but dependent on big money is the default to political correctness as a substitute for a broader liberalism  the promotion of economic equity. You cannot rail against an unfair tax system when you rely on those who benefit from it, but you can patrol offensive speech and innuendo in the name of moral compassion; you can reward unease and grievance as rectitude.  What Mr. Frisch did was thoughtless and dumb, and apparently he has done other things that are thoughtless and dumb. As one Friends parent, Alyssa Sadoff, put it, I would have been gravely disappointed if the school had kept him and would have been extremely unhappy and uncomfortable to have my child in that classroom next year. At the same time an adherence to the values of forgiveness and restorative justice that institutions like Friends promote would seem to demand a path  reprimand, rehabilitation  other than firing someone who made people uncomfortable.  This was a sentiment expressed in letters to the principal from former teachers, administrators and parents. As one parent wrote: If a ban on certain subjects for humor is now in effect at Friends Seminary, clear warning should be given  especially given the dire consequences for infractions.) = 1
(If you drive through the Mississippi Delta on a typical, achingly hot summer day, you pass former cotton plantations where thousands of black people were enslaved, and as sites where men and women struggled, and all too often died, during the civil rights movement.  It is easy to understand why the blues was born here.  While the story of the Delta was, and in some ways still is, one of inequality and segregation between white and black people, there was another little noted community in their midst in the 20th century: a community of Chinese-Americans.  The Chinese have been in the Delta for more than a hundred years, said Frieda Quon, a retired librarian who speaks with a southern drawl. When we came initially, we didnt have rights. We couldnt go to the white schools, couldnt even get a haircut, could not go to the hospitals. We were second-class citizens. After the civil rights era, we gained more rights. I think the communities realized, Hey the Chinese are really making a contribution.) = 1
(By the time Ralph Gibson paid $4,000 to publish his first photography book, The Somnambulist, in 1970, he owed nine months rent at the Chelsea Hotel and two of his three Leicas were in pawn. He was 30, and hed spent the three previous years  in his words  constantly very, very broke, reading Jorge Luis Borges, watching French New Wave films and meticulously crafting his surrealist collection of photographs at a time when art photography was not a viable commercial endeavor.  Nonetheless, it was the beginning of a long and successful career.  It was very strange, Mr. Gibson said. I went from an impoverished nobody to all of a sudden being on my feet. I was getting a lot of press, doing lectures and workshops, and selling the occasional print.) = 1
(The Trump administrations first year of immigration policy has relied on claims that immigrants bring crime into America. President Trumps latest target is sanctuary cities.  Every day, sanctuary cities release illegal immigrants, drug dealers, traffickers, gang members back into our communities, he said last week. Theyre safe havens for just some terrible people.  As of 2017, according to Gallup polls, almost half of Americans agreed that immigrants make crime worse. But is it true that immigration drives crime? Many studies have shown that it does not.  Immigrant populations in the United States have been growing fast for decades now. Crime in the same period, however, has moved in the opposite direction, with the national rate of violent crime today well below what it was in 1980.  In a large-scale collaboration by four universities, led by Robert Adelman, a sociologist at the State University of New York at Buffalo, researchers compared immigration rates with crime rates for 200 metropolitan areas over the last several decades. The selected areas included huge urban hubs like New York and smaller manufacturing centers less than a hundredth that size, like Muncie, Ind., and were dispersed geographically across the country.  According to data from the study, a large majority of the areas have many more immigrants today than they did in 1980 and fewer violent crimes. The Marshall Project extended the studys data up to 2016, showing that crime fell more often than it rose even as immigrant populations grew almost across the board.  In 136 metro areas, almost 70 percent of those studied, the immigrant population increased between 1980 and 2016 while crime stayed stable or fell. The number of areas where crime and immigration both increased was much lower  54 areas, slightly more than a quarter of the total. The 10 places with the largest increases in immigrants all had lower levels of crime in 2016 than in 1980.  And yet the argument that immigrants bring crime into America has driven many of the policies enacted or proposed by the administration so far: restrictions to entry, travel and visas; heightened border enforcement; plans for a wall along the border with Mexico. This month, the Justice Department filed a lawsuit against California in response to the states restrictions on local police to assist Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers in detaining and deporting undocumented immigrants charged with crimes. On Tuesday, Californias Orange County signed on in support of that suit. But while the immigrant population in the county has more than doubled since 1980, overall violent crime has decreased by more than 50 percent.  Theres a similar pattern in two other places where Mr. Trump has recently feuded with local leaders: Oakland, Calif., and Lawrence, Mass. He described both cities as breeding grounds for drugs and crime brought by immigrants. But Oakland, like Orange County, has had increasing immigration and falling crime. In Lawrence, though murder and robbery rates grew, overall violent crime rates still fell by 10 percent.  In general, the studys data suggests either that immigration has the effect of reducing average crime, or that there is simply no relationship between the two, and that the 54 areas in the study where both grew were instances of coincidence, not cause and effect. This was a consistent pattern in each decade from 1980 to 2016, with immigrant populations and crime failing to grow together.  In a majority of areas, the number of immigrants increased at least 57 percent and as much as 183 percent, with the greatest increases occurring in the 1990s and early 2000s. Violent crime rates in most areas ranged between a 43 percent decline and a 6 percent rise, often trending downward by the 2000s. Places with a sharp rise in the immigrant population experienced increases in crime rates no more frequently than those with modest or no growth in immigration. On average, the immigrant population grew by 137 percent between 1980 and 2016, with average crime falling 12 percent over the same period.  Because the F.B.I. changed how rape was defined in its crime figures, that category could not be included in this analysis. Focusing on the other components of the violent crime rate  assaults, robberies and murders  still fails to reveal a relationship with immigration rates.  Immigrant  population Assaults Robberies Murders  Most areas experienced decreases in all types of violent crime. The change in assault rates ranged from a 34 percent decline to a 29 percent rise, while robbery rates declined in the range of 12 percent to 57 percent, and murder rates declined in the range of 15 percent to 54 percent.  This analysis is one of the most comprehensive longitudinal studies of the local immigrant-crime relationship. It spans decades of metropolitan area data, incorporating places with widely differing social, cultural and economic backgrounds, and a broad range of types of violent crime.  Areas were chosen to reflect a range of immigrant composition, from Wheeling, W.Va., where one in 100 people was born outside the United States, to Miami, where every second person was. Some areas were home to newly formed immigrant communities; other immigrant pockets went back generations. Controlling for population characteristics, unemployment rates and other socioeconomic conditions, the researchers still found that, on average, as immigration increases in American metropolises, crime decreases.  The foreign-born data, which is collected through the census, most likely undercounts the numbers of undocumented immigrants, many of whom might wish to avoid the risk of identifying themselves. They are, however, at least partly represented in the overall foreign-born population counts.  This is not the only study showing that immigration does not increase crime. A broad survey released in January examined years of research on the immigrant-crime connection, concluding that an overwhelming majority of studies found either no relationship between the two or a beneficial one, in which immigrant communities bring economic and cultural revitalization to the neighborhoods they join.  This article was published in partnership with The Marshall Project, a nonprofit news organization covering the U.S. criminal justice system. Sign up for its newsletter, or follow The Marshall Project on Facebook or Twitter. Anna Flagg is an interactive reporter for The Marshall Project.) = 1
(Those legacies were born of a tortuous story of colonial conquest and forced assimilation.  New Mexico, which had the largest number of sedentary Indians north of central Mexico, emerged as a coveted domain for slavers almost as soon as the Spanish began settling here in the 16th century, according to Andrs Resndez, a historian who details the trade in his 2016 book, The Other Slavery. Colonists initially took local Pueblo Indians as slaves, leading to an uprising in 1680 that temporarily pushed the Spanish out of New Mexico.  The trade then evolved to include not just Hispanic traffickers but horse-mounted Comanche and Ute warriors, who raided the settlements of Apache, Kiowa, Jumano, Pawnee and other peoples. They took captives, many of them children plucked from their homes, and sold them at auctions in village plazas.  The Spanish crown tried to prohibit slavery in its colonies, but traffickers often circumvented the ban by labeling their captives in parish records as criados, or servants. The trade endured even decades after the Mexican-American War, when the United States took control of much of the Southwest in the 1840s.  Seeking to strengthen the 13th Amendment, which abolished slavery in 1865, Congress passed the Peonage Act of 1867 after learning of propertied New Mexicans owning hundreds and perhaps thousands of Indian slaves, mainly Navajo women and children. But scholars say the measure, which specifically targeted New Mexico, did little for many slaves in the territory.  Many Hispanic families in New Mexico have long known that they had indigenous ancestry, even though some here still call themselves Spanish to emphasize their Iberian ties and to differentiate themselves from the states 23 federally recognized tribes, as well as from Mexican and other Latin American immigrants.  Photo  But genetic testing is offering a glimpse into a more complex story. The DNA of Hispanic people from New Mexico is often in the range of 30 to 40 percent Native American, according to Miguel A. Trrez, 42, a research technologist at Los Alamos National Laboratory and one of New Mexicos most prominent genealogists.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  He and other researchers cross-reference DNA tests with baptismal records, marriage certificates, census reports, oral histories, ethnomusicology findings, land titles and other archival documents.  Mr. Trrezs own look into his origins shows how these searches can produce unexpected results. He found one ancestor who was probably Ojibwe, from lands around the Great Lakes, roughly a thousand miles away, and another of Greek origin among the early colonizers claiming New Mexico for Spain.  I have Navajo, Chippewa, Greek and Spanish blood lines, said Mr. Trrez, who calls himself a mestizo, a term referring to mixed ancestry. I cant say Im indigenous any more than I can say Im Greek, but its both fascinating and disturbing to see how various cultures came together in New Mexico.  Revelations about how Indian enslavement was a defining feature of colonial New Mexico can be unsettling for some in the state, where the authorities have often tried to perpetuate a narrative of relatively peaceful coexistence between Hispanics, Indians and Anglos, as non-Hispanic whites are generally called here.  Pointing to their history, some descendants of Genzaros are coming together to argue that they deserve the same recognition as Native tribes in the United States. One such group in Colorado, the 200-member Genzaro Affiliated Nations, organizes annual dances to commemorate their heritage.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Race/Related Newsletter Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with a diverse group of New York Times journalists. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Its not about blood quantum or DNA testing for us, since those things can be inaccurate measuring sticks, said David Atekpatzin Young, 62, the organizations tribal chairman, who traces his ancestry to Apache and Pueblo peoples. We know who we are, and what we want is sovereignty and our land back.  Some here object to calling Genzaros slaves, arguing that the authorities in New Mexico were relatively flexible in absorbing Indian captives. In an important distinction with African slavery in parts of the Americas, Genzaros could sometimes attain economic independence and even assimilate into the dominant Hispanic classes, taking the surnames of their masters and embracing Roman Catholicism.  Genzaros and their offspring sometimes escaped or served out their terms of service, then banded together to forge buffer settlements against Comanche raids. Offering insight into how Indian captives sought to escape their debased status, linguists trace the origins of the word Genzaro to the Ottoman Empires janissaries, the special soldier class of Christians from the Balkans who converted to Islam, and were sometimes referred to as slaves.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Moiss Gonzles, a Genzaro professor of architecture at the University of New Mexico, has identified an array of Genzaro outposts that endure in the state, including the villages Las Trampas and San Miguel del Vado. Some preserve traditions that reflect their Genzaro origins, and like other products of colonialism, many are cultural amalgams of customs and motifs from sharply disparate worlds.  Each December in the village of Alcalde, for instance, performers in headdresses stage the Matachines dance, thought by scholars to fuse the theme of Moorish-Christian conflict in medieval Spain with indigenous symbolism evoking the Spanish conquest of the New World.  In Abiqui, settled by Genzaros in the 18th century, people don face paint and feathers every November to perform a captive dance about the villages Indian origins  on a day honoring a Catholic saint.  Photo  Some Natives say those in Abiqui are pretend Indians, said Mr. Trrez, the genealogist. But whos to say that the descendants of Genzaros, of people who were once slaves, cant reclaim their culture?  Efforts by some Genzaro descendants to call themselves Indians instead of Latinos point to a broader debate over how Native Americans are identified, involving often contentious factors like tribal membership, what constitutes indigenous cultural practices and the light skin color of some Hispanics with Native ancestry. Some Native Americans also chafe at the gains some Hispanics here have sought by prioritizing their ancestral ties to European colonizers.  Pointing to the breadth of the Southwests slave trade, some historians have also documented how Hispanic settlers were captured and enslaved by Native American traffickers, and sometimes went on to embrace the cultures of their Comanche, Pueblo or Navajo masters.  Kim TallBear, an anthropologist at the University of Alberta, cautioned against using DNA testing alone to determine indigenous identity. She emphasized that such tests can point generally to Native ancestry somewhere in the Americas while failing to pinpoint specific tribal origins.  Theres a conflation of race and tribe thats infuriating, really, said Ms. TallBear, a member of the Sisseton Wahpeton Oyate tribe of South Dakota who writes about tribal belonging and genetic testing. I dont think ancestry alone is sufficient to define someone as indigenous.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The discovery of indigenous slave ancestry can be anything but straightforward, as Mr. Trujillo, the former postal worker, learned.  First, he found his connection to a Genzaro man in the village of Abiqui. Delving further into 18th century baptismal records, he then found that his ancestor somehow broke away from forced servitude to purchase three slaves of his own.  I was just blown away to find that I had a slaver and slaves in my family tree, Mr. Trujillo said. That level of complexity is too much for some people, but its part of the story of who I am.) = 1
(In the meantime comes Russian Roulette, a new book by two veterans of Washington political journalism, Michael Isikoff and David Corn, whose subtitle promises to reveal the inside story of Putins war on America and the election of Donald Trump.  Alas, it does not  at least so far as offering foolproof evidence of Putins involvement, or his motives. For all the public controversy, they write two pages before the end of their book, there was still much about Putins cyberattacks that was cloaked in mystery, especially what had happened in Russia.  Russian Roulette is, thus, not an investigative breakthrough as much as a new contribution to that well-worn genre: the granular, source-on-the-wall election diary. On that score, they have produced the most thorough and riveting account so far  riveting, that is, as long as you dont mind falling into paroxysms of political outrage and dismay.  Although the authors make their view clear from the start, referring to Russian help as the perceived original sin of Trumps presidency, it is to their credit that they present both campaigns in an unfavorable light. The book will surely infuriate readers on either side of what should be the most urgent question facing the nation today: the vulnerability of our democratic institutions to Russian manipulation.  For aggrieved Clinton supporters, reading Russian Roulette will be like reliving a nightmare. Trump supporters, too, should wince at the cringe-worthy embarrassments that would have derailed any other candidate.  In one scene inside Trump Tower, the candidates aides debate how to respond to the infamous Access Hollywood tape in which the future president boasts about grabbing women by their genitals. According to the authors, Trumps daughter Ivanka, her face reddening and eyes filling with tears, urged her father to make a full-throated apology. He did not. He simply dismissed what he said as locker room banter without denying anything he did.  It should have been a moment for Team Clinton to celebrate a knockout blow to Trumps insurgency  except that the video landed on an inauspicious day for them.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Barely an hour earlier, the director of national intelligence and secretary of homeland security issued a statement saying that the intelligence community was confident that the Russian government directed the hacking of the Democratic National Committees email system. The subsequent leak of thousands of emails was a tactic consistent with the methods and motivations of Russian-directed efforts.  This was the Watergate burglary of the internet age, yet the revelation was all but drowned out by the release of the tape. The Clinton staffers hit the phones, calling reporters they had worked with, urging them to give more attention to the Russia story. They werent having much luck.  Photo  And still to come was the third October surprise of the day. WikiLeaks announced that it would begin dribbling out thousands of emails to and from John Podesta, the Clinton campaign chairman, that proved hugely embarrassing to the candidate.  That day  Oct. 7  may prove to be a turning point in American history. It was, by some unearthly coincidence, also Vladimir Putins 64th birthday.  Russian Roulette is best when describing how the countrys intelligence agencies were slow to recognize Russias effort and the frustration among Clintons supporters of the failure of the administration, the F.B.I. and the media to trumpet it for what it was. (Some reporters did, in fact, including Corn and Isikoff, but much more became clear only after Trumps victory.)  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  It was President Obama, however, who set the administrations tone: He did not want to be seen as trying to tip the scales of the election by suggesting a foreign leader was intervening in support of one side. We were wearing self-imposed handcuffs, one agonized aide tells the authors.  A disclosure is required here: The book describes an article that a colleague, Eric Lichtblau, and I wrote for The New York Times. In it we reported on the F.B.I.s inability to substantiate what appeared to be ties between the Trump Organization and a private Russian bank, Alfa, even as its agents were following an array of other leads. Some of them were detailed in the dossier of Christopher Steele, the former British agent hired to conduct opposition research.  While evidence of many accusations remains unclear, the authors argue that the article and headline wrongly focused on the absence of proof rather than the main point, which was that there was an investigation into possible links between the Russian government and the Republican presidential candidate.  There are, in the end, no heroes in Russian Roulette. The bureaus director, James B. Comey, deserves significant scrutiny (and he has his own book coming). During the investigation into her private email server, Clinton and her staff were so suspicious of the bureau that when agents first came to the Brooklyn headquarters to inform them of the Russian hacking, the campaign manager, Robby Mook, refused to meet them, fearing they were there to ask about Clintons emails.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The suspicions boiled over when Comey made an 11th-hour statement that the bureau was reviewing new emails found in a separate investigation, into Anthony Weiner, the disgraced husband of Clintons close aide Huma Abedin. By doing so, Comey hurled a thunderbolt into the election only days before the vote  something aides quoted anonymously claim he wanted to avoid.  Historians may long debate who had a bigger influence on the outcome: the F.B.I. director or the Russian leader.  For anyone who believes in the better angels of American politics, Russian Roulette is a depressing book. The Russian hacking, it is now clear, simply exploited the vulgarity already plaguing American political campaigns, which churn on spin and strategy (and money) far more than vision or values.  The book does have its flaws. The simplistic vilification of Russia  without evidence or better context  reinforces the view of some thoughtful Russians that Americans have become irrationally hostile toward the country and even the culture. The sourcing is also sloppy in places. The authors are respected journalists, and one can trust their use of anonymous sources or not, but in the span of four pages describing the Miss Universe pageant in Moscow in 2013, for example, they quote four different ones. There is a Miss Universe associate (whatever that means), a Miss Universe official, a Miss Universe staffer and another Miss Universe staffer.  The Miss Universe official states that only Putin could have approved holding the pageant in Moscow, which is absurd. Putin controls much in Russia, but only in the fevered imagination of a pageant official does he dictate the location of beauty contests. The another Miss Universe staffer suggests Trump winnowed the finalists in his pageants by rejecting dark-skinned contestants and those who snubbed his advances. That is an explosive accusation to attribute to a single source among a muddle of them.  Still another anonymous source reveals one of the books most significant revelations. A Russian insider had been providing the American Embassy in Moscow with unconfirmed but what turned out to be prescient information about Putins inner circle around the same time Trump was presiding over the pageant. Among the disclosures was the racially tinged disdain senior Russians felt for Barack Obama, all dutifully reported back to Washington in top-secret cables.  This source  described not as an intelligence asset but as a sympathetic political insider, who as a young man had been heartened by Ronald Reagans anti-Soviet rhetoric  told his interlocutor as early as 2014 that the Kremlin was planning to undermine democracy in the West. It was, the authors suggest, one of many missed signals of what was coming.  Anybody who had any doubt about Putins intentions, the sources American interlocutor is quoted as saying, just wasnt reading what we reported.) = 1
(They are so direct in their messaging. They are so clear. They seem unflappable.  Dr. Damour, who has spent her career talking and listening to teenagers, said she believes the Parkland teens are showing the world the potential of their peer group. Those of us who live with teenagers and are around them can see something that is different about this generation, she said.  There is still much to learn about the postmillennial cohort  social scientists havent even agreed on when this generation begins, although there seems to be a consensus forming that the year 2000, give or take a few years, is a good place to start. But data collected from various health surveys already show that todays teens are different from previous generations in many ways.  Many risky behaviors have dropped sharply among todays teens. Cigarette smoking among teens is at a historic low since peaking in the mid 1990s. Alcohol use has also declined significantly  the number of teens who have used alcohol in the past 30 days is down by half since the 1990s. Teen pregnancy rates have hit historic lows, and teens over all are waiting longer to have sex than their parents generation. Teen driving fatalities are down about 64 percent since 1975. Some of that is attributed to safer cars, but teen crashes have declined between 10 and 30 percent in states with tiered licensing systems, and teen drunken driving has dropped while teen seatbelt use has increased.  While most health researchers celebrate these changes in teen health, some scientists think the trends suggest a lower level of maturity among todays teens. Perhaps teens are safer simply because their reliance on social media and smartphone use means they are getting out less. In September, the journal Child Development published a study by Jean Twenge, a psychology professor at San Diego State University, noting that there is a decline in a number of adult activities among todays teens. In seven large, nationally representative surveys of eight million American adolescents from 1976 to 2016, fewer adolescents in recent years are having sex, dating, drinking alcohol, driving, working for pay and going out without their parents.  The big picture is that they are taking longer to grow up, said Dr. Twenge, whose latest book is iGen: Why Todays Super-Connected Kids Are Growing Up Less Rebellious, More Tolerant, Less Happy  and Completely Unprepared for Adulthood.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  In an article in The Atlantic last fall titled Have Smartphones Destroyed a Generation?, Dr. Twenge argued that teens are more comfortable in their bedrooms or on smartphones or social media than at a party. While they are physically safer than past generations as a result, rates of teen depression and suicide are on the rise. Its not an exaggeration to describe iGen as being on the brink of the worst mental-health crisis in decades, she wrote. Much of this deterioration can be traced to their phones.  But a number of social scientists and adolescent health researchers disagree with that conclusion. While teen depression and suicide rates are worrisome, there is no causal link to show those trends are the result of smartphones and social media. In fact, a literature review by Unicef researchers in December found that moderate use of digital technology tends to be beneficial for childrens mental well-being, while no use or too much use is associated with a small negative impact. The larger issues that affect a childs well-being are family functioning, social dynamics at school and socio-economic conditions, the report concluded.  Don Tapscott, author of Grown Up Digital, said he believes todays teenagers are better communicators than any previous generation. They didnt grow up being the passive recipients of somebody elses broadcast, he said. They grew up being interactors and communicators. In the 1960s we had a generation gap. What we have today is a generation lap  they are lapping their parents on the digital track.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The clinical psychologist Wendy Mogel interviewed groups of middle school and high school students around the country in 2015 and 2016 for her new book, Voice Lessons for Parents: What to Say, How to Say It and When to Listen. Dr. Mogel spoke with diverse kids from various regions and walks of life, but found herself consistently impressed by their thoughtfulness, how much they liked their parents, and how much they cared about the world around them.  The press and general public like to see them as spoiled and not having to work hard for anything except grades and being very entitled, Dr. Mogel said. But theyre courageous, energetic, optimistic and really smart.  Neil Howe, a historian whose books include Millennials Rising, said that unlike earlier generations, todays teens have accepted the structures of society and have learned to work within those boundaries. Theyre very good at using rules to make their point, and theyre absolutely excellent at negotiating with their parents, and negotiating in a reasonable way about how to bend these rules in a way that will make them more effective and give them more space, he said. This is not a throw the brick through the window and burn stuff down group of kids at all. Theyre working very constructively, arm-in-arm with older people they trust, to make big institutions work better and make them stronger and more effective.  Ms. Lythcott-Haims notes that the current crop of teenagers is the first generation to grow up with active shooter drills since kindergarten. I think what we might have here is a generation that really defines itself by the markers of their childhoods, she said. In addition to being marked by these gun violence tragedies, they came to consciousness with a black man in the White House and smartphones in their hands.  What does all this mean for the future of todays teens? All of the researchers agreed there is still much more to learn about this cohort, but what we know so far is promising.  We are in the process of distilling the data and discerning who they are, but I am excited, said Ms. Lythcott-Haims. We dont know who they will be in their 20s, but already they have agency, the sense of your own existence, your own right to make decisions and your own responsibility for outcomes and consequences. Thats what we need to have to be mentally well. I think these folks could turn out not to be just leaders, but to be a generation that we look back on and end up calling one of the greatest.) = 1
(The city chose the artists. This month the City Council voted to restrict cannabis businesses from operating in locations previously used as work/live or residential spaces.  Alistair Monroe, a tenant who lives in the building with his 82-year-old father, says they are pleased with the City Council decision but fear that Green Sage could still evict tenants and use the building for other purposes.  That would force the majority of us out of the city, Mr. Monroe said. We are truly about the creative process that makes the fabric and the richness of the soul of the city.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  California Online  (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.)   The Trump administration is expected to begin an effort in coming days to weaken vehicle emission standards set by the Obama administration that would have cut oil consumption by about 12 billion barrels and put the United States at the forefront worldwide in the manufacture of electric and highly fuel efficient vehicles. California is preparing for a fight. Xavier Becerra, the attorney general, is vowing to stick with the stricter rules even if Washington rolls back federal standards. [The New York Times]   A Latino boy in San Franciscos public school system received all Fs from grade nine to the first semester of grade 12. Its a stark example of what educators in the city euphemistically call the achievement gap. Nothing has changed in years and years, said the head of a community services center. Theres no help. Theres no intervention. [San Francisco Chronicle]   The Rev. Al Sharpton delivered a eulogy for Stephon Clark as Mr. Clarks brother, Stevante, clutched Mr. Sharpton in grief. [Associated Press via US News]  Advertisement Continue reading the main story   When Stephon Clark protesters shout in their faces, whats a cop to do? [The Sacramento Bee]  Photo   Tesla looked like the future. Now some are asking if it has one. [The New York Times]   Judge Stephen Reinhardt, a liberal stalwart on the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals for nearly four decades, died Thursday. Among many other key decisions, he wrote a 2012 opinion striking down Californias gay marriage ban. [San Francisco Chronicle]   Hector Barajas, a military veteran deported to Mexico in 2004 is getting U.S. citizenship following a pardon last year by Gov. Jerry Brown. [San Diego Union Tribune]   They lived on opposite sides of Los Angeles, which made it a long-distance relationship. He was a middle-school teacher. She had health problems; she worried that her time was up and didnt want to die a virgin. A Modern Love column was born. [The New York Times]   In a proposed ruling, a Los Angeles judge has determined that coffee companies must carry an ominous cancer warning label because of a chemical produced in the roasting process. [Associated Press via SFGate]  Photo   It was the first day on the job for Cali Brown, Californias Deputy First Dog. The puppy is a bordoodle, a cross between a border collie and a poodle. [Twitter] Her appointment was announced here.  And Finally   Photo  On baseballs opening day Thursday the Giants beat the Dodgers 1-0. But it was just the start of a season for California teams with some high-profile additions to show off.  As everyone remembers, the last baseball season ended at Dodger Stadium, where the Houston Astros squeezed the life from the home team in Game 7 of the World Series. The Dodgers cut ties with the goat of that series  the twice-thrashed starter Yu Darvish, who signed with the Chicago Cubs  but retain a strong roster in pursuit of their first championship in 30 years.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Three of their California neighbors made some of the splashiest additions of the off-season. The San Francisco Giants traded for the cornerstones of two faraway teams, acquiring third baseman Evan Longoria from the Tampa Bay Rays and outfielder Andrew McCutchen from the Pittsburgh Pirates.  The San Diego Padres  rarely big spenders  gave out the richest contract on the free agent market, lavishing $144 million on an eight-year deal for first baseman Eric Hosmer, who won a World Series title and four Gold Gloves for the Kansas City Royals.  In Anaheim, the Los Angeles Angels scored a coup when Shohei Ohtani, a pitching and hitting sensation from Japan, chose them over the field. Ohtani had a rocky spring training, but he started at designated hitter in Oakland on opening day Thursday and is scheduled to make his pitching debut against the As on Sunday. The Angels have still not won a playoff game with the sublime Mike Trout on their roster, but theyll try to change that with help from Ohtani and new infielders Ian Kinsler and Zack Cozart.  The As have finished in the American League West cellar in each of the last three seasons, and two of their most promising young pitchers  Jharel Cotton and A.J. Puk  learned in spring training that they needed Tommy John surgery. Even so, the As made a few additions, including catcher Jonathan Lucroy and right fielder Stephen Piscotty, who could help them move up a spot or two.  As for the Dodgers, they will most likely face tougher competition in the National League West than the Padres and the Giants  especially after the Giants lost their ace, Madison Bumgarner, to a broken finger on his pitching hand last week. The Arizona Diamondbacks and the Colorado Rockies both won wild cards last season, and could challenge the Dodgers attempt to win their sixth division title in a row.  Of course, for the Dodgers, winning the division is not the goal. The best pitcher on the planet, Clayton Kershaw, can opt out of his contract after the season. For all his individual success, Kershaw is missing the one thing Johnny Podres, Sandy Koufax, Don Drysdale, Fernando Valenzuela and Orel Hershiser all captured in Dodger blue: a championship ring.  California Today goes live at 6 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com.  California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C. Berkeley.) = 1
(When Mikael Owunna returned to his familys home in Pittsburgh after finishing a Fulbright Fellowship in Taiwan, it was unsettling. He and his family were originally from Nigeria, where gay Africans like him were scorned and mistreated. While grappling with long suppressed anxiety and depression because of that cultural tension, he saw an exhibition of the work of Zanele Muholi, the chronicler of queer experience in South Africa.  That was the first time I had ever seen an image of another queer African person, Mr. Owunna recalled. He was so moved by the experience, he began a project exploring the queer African diaspora.  There was only one problem  he didnt know any queer Africans.  That was part of the reason that I felt so isolated for so long, he said. In the U.S., I only had ever met two other queer African people in my entire life, and I was 23. And so that was part of what really was the motivation for me  was actually just to build community and to connect with people.) = 1
(As dire as that sounds, I am usually able to function like a normal human being. I even practice yoga and lift weights and do a little cardio, although I have to stop after a minute or two. But 18 months ago I realized I was becoming winded from just walking down the street. I actually had to stop and catch my breath from walking. Climbing stairs, even a few, became incredibly difficult.  As the months wore on, my energy continued to deplete. I would go to work and come home and rest most nights. Although I was tired all of the time, I forced myself to go out on weekends because I refused to believe I was sick.  My doctors couldnt find anything wrong with my heart. They thought it was excess fluid, so they kept increasing my diuretics. The increase in medication would help initially, but after six weeks or so my energy level would plummet again. In six months, they had quadrupled my dose. Even though I had completely stopped exercising, I had lost 12 pounds. My face was so gaunt that I was starting to resemble a Disney villain.  I looked awful. But the guy I was dating didnt think so. He thought I looked thin and hot. And I liked that. I had never had a boyfriend and was hoping he would be the first.  Whenever I mention that I have never had a boyfriend, I am always asked why, as if finding someone to connect with emotionally and physically should be so easy. Its not as if Ive had all these wonderful options and I just refuse to be tied down. The simple answer is that I have never met someone I wanted to be with who also wanted to be with me. In fact, Im the girl who likes the guy who likes someone else.  In high school, my crush was the popular guy that I never had a chance with, but we danced to Missy Elliotts Work It at the spring dance sophomore year, which as a non-popular late bloomer is clearly a teenage highlight Im still holding on to 15 years later. (To be fair, I was dancing behind him while the cheerleader he was actually hooking up with danced with him face to face.)  In college, I directed my attention toward my best guy friend from high school who transferred to my university after freshman year. Even though we hung out every other day, he somehow failed to mention that he was secretly dating my high school rival. By graduation, she had cut off contact with most of our friend group and he followed suit shortly after.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  And in my 20s, I fell for my boss at my first job, a man who was quietly dating his bosss executive assistant. After almost a year together, he dumped the assistant and a month later married his on-again-off-again college girlfriend. So what Im saying is I have impeccable taste in men. With my track record, I seemed doomed to wander this earth alone, pining for someone elses boyfriend.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Of the Moment The lifestyle newsletter from the Styles, Travel and Food sections, offering the latest trends to news you can use. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  But in May of last year, I uncharacteristically found myself talking to someone on OkCupid who appeared to be single. He was a teacher at the same middle school he had attended, which I found adorable. We lived on opposite sides of Los Angeles, which made it a long-distance relationship. I saw him once a week.  Our first date was brunch at a place halfway between us in Culver City. As we looked over the menu, he mentioned that he didnt know what a poached egg was. After I explained how you poach an egg, he still was unsure what it looked like, so I ordered an avocado toast with a poached egg so he could see it. It was weirdly endearing.  He was kind of sweet, but after a few dates, I knew on some level that it wasnt going to last long. There were red flags  or maybe just things I didnt like about him. He never complimented me, for example, except in the one email where he said I was hot. He never said I looked nice or pretty to my face.  Isnt that Dating 101? You see your date and say, You look great or simply, You look nice. He didnt do that.  But here was my situation. After almost nine months of feeling weak and seeing cardiologists who were unable to offer much in the way of solutions, I was starting to believe that, for me, this was the beginning of the end.  Sometimes people with complex congenital heart disease get to the point where medicine has done all it can to delay the inevitable, and since my doctors were so stumped, I believed my time was almost up. And I didnt want to die a virgin. So I thought, I should have sex with this guy.  For our fourth (and penultimate) date, he came over to my apartment and I made him dinner.  For a starter, I made guacamole. Let me know if it needs anything, I said, but I didnt actually want to know if it needed anything. I just wanted him to say, Its delicious, and eat it.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Instead, he added a ton of salt.  I thought: What are you doing? I have a heart condition!  Later, when I was roasting brussels sprouts, I didnt ask for his opinion on them because I know how to make brussels sprouts and theyre pretty damn good. But he still came over and insisted that they needed seasoning (other than the salt, pepper and garlic I added), so he put oregano on them. On all of them, not just his portion.  We ate dinner and then moved to the couch, where we briefly entertained the idea of watching something on TV. But we both knew where this was going, so we went into my room and sat on my bed and  you know what happened next.  It was fine. And then, in the morning, he left at 7 to grade papers.  Whatever, dude. I saw him the next week, when he made it pretty obvious he wasnt interested in me as a person. After that, we ghosted each other.  Two months later, when it was clear I was still sick and the medicine wasnt working, I underwent a procedure so they could see what was going on with my heart. During that process, they found a significant hole between my right ventricle and my aorta called a right ventricular fistula, which they sealed with a metal disc.  Within weeks, my health improved. I had more energy, didnt get winded walking down the street or climbing stairs, and had gained weight. Now, almost a year later, Im back to my version of normal and no longer feel the specter of death looming over me.  Given how things turned out, am I upset that I lost my virginity in a rush to a guy who didnt matter?  Not really. I was going through a lot of things that werent normal.  People like to say, Theres no such thing as normal, as if thats supposed to make people who are abnormal feel better. But we all know the truth. Having 10 heart operations before age 30 is not normal. Having your health rapidly decline to the point that you think youre dying at age 30 is not normal. Being a 30-year-old virgin is not normal.  I saw an opportunity to feel a little more normal and took it. And now Im just like every other woman whos had a penis inside her.) = 1
(Photo  The Reader Center is a newsroom initiative that is helping The Times build deeper ties with our audience.  Were eager to hear more from our readers. Do you have a story idea, feedback on our coverage or question for our journalists? Please fill out this form. We wont be able to report every story idea or respond to every question, but we promise to read all submissions and do our best to look into them.) = 1
(The progressive objection to Williamson lies in the demeaning ways hes written about poor people, black people, women, and trans people. He described an African-American boy in East St. Louis sticking out his elbows in the universal gesture of primate territorial challenge. Defiantly using male pronouns in a piece about the trans actress Laverne Cox, Williamson wrote, Regardless of the question of whether he has had his genitals amputated, Cox is not a woman, but an effigy of a woman. Feminism, he wrote, is a collection of appetites wriggling queasily together like a bag of snakes. He tweeted that women who have abortions should be hanged, later clarifying that while he has doubts about the death penalty, I believe that the law should treat abortion like any other homicide.  In some ways I appreciate Williamsons honesty in admitting where his anti-abortion agenda leads. More abortion opponents should be willing to acknowledge that treating abortion as murder necessarily means treating women as murderers. All the same, I understand why many people are furious that the storied Atlantic magazine would give a perch to a man who traffics in crude stereotypes, and who thinks that the nearly one-quarter of American women who have had abortions deserve to die. Too many men in power dont care, feminist Jessica Valenti wrote in despair. To them, our lives and freedom are just abstract concepts  things to be debated rather than understood as a given.  The backlash against Williamson, in turn, has occasioned self-pity among some members of the conservative intelligentsia, who feel victimized by a concerted campaign to write them out of mainstream public life. In National Review, Williamsons friend and former colleague David French demanded, Decide now, progressives, do you want any serious intellectual media space where conservative and progressive ideas clash?  Personally, I do. But which conservative ideas?  In Age of Fracture, an intellectual history of the late 20th century, the Princeton professor emeritus Daniel T. Rodgers described how the salience of ideas in American politics took on new breadth and intensity in the last quarter of the twentieth century. Novel forms of intellectual production and dissemination  more politically oriented think tanks, new journals of scholarly debate and opinion, more argumentatively structured media  now began to move ideas more aggressively into circulation. Ideology was obviously not the only thing that drove politics  money and group interests were, as ever, important. But to understand national politics, you had to understand certain conservative ideas.  Trump put an end to that. The field of ideas has gone from being the ground on which politics are fought to a side in politics, which is why its so difficult to find serious intellectual Trump defenders. Trump has resentments and interests, but not ideology; he governs more as a postmodern warlord than a traditional party leader. Few things signal the irrelevance of ideas to his presidency like the appointment of John Bolton as national security adviser. Boltons relentless advocacy of regime change contradicts the isolationism Trump touted during the campaign. Trump called the Iraq war a disaster; Bolton is one of few who continue to defend it. Yet Boltons appointment isnt discordant, because he and Trump are both belligerent bullies, and in this administration stylistic similarities matter more than policy details.  Inasmuch as there are ideas bound up with Trumpism, they are considered too disreputable for most mainstream publications. An opinion section that truly captured the currents of thought shaping our politics today might include Alex Jones, the conspiracy-mad Sandy Hook truther; the white nationalist Richard Spencer; and CliffsNotes fascist Steve Bannon.  Most supporters of liberal democracy, on the right as well as the left, realize that once we treat issues like religious freedom and the desirability of racial equality as matters for debate rather than as first principles, we are lost. But because theres now so little correlation between the political arena and the intellectual one, the question of which conservatives liberals ought to engage becomes subjective and arbitrary.  Williamson was hired at The Atlantic not just for being an energetic writer, but in the name of ideological diversity. If we are going to host debates, we have to host people who actually disagree with, and sometimes offend, the other side, wrote Atlantic editor in chief Jeffrey Goldberg  no relation  in a memo to his staff. Kevin will help this cause.  But Williamson, perhaps to his credit, doesnt really represent a side. His ideas  with their combination of laissez-faire capitalism and harsh moralism  are fairly marginal. If theyre going to be defended, they should be defended on their own terms, not as representing an important tendency in our civic life. But on their own terms, they are very hard to defend.  Editors cant escape the fact that, even when they want to broaden the conversation, their choices make a statement about where the parameters of acceptable argument lie. Id have thought that supporting the execution or mass incarceration of women by the millions would put a writer, even one capable of enjoyably caustic prose, well outside those boundaries. Id like to hear a serious argument about why it doesnt. Somehow, Williamsons champions dont seem to want to have that debate.) = 1
(Most directly, the law reduces how much mortgage debt will benefit from tax-deductible interest payments; that number was previously $1 million and is now $750,000. Also, property taxes previously had no limits in being deductible against federal income tax, but now the deduction of property and other state and local taxes is capped at $10,000.  Both provisions will most affect upper- and upper-middle-income families in states with relatively high housing prices and high state and local taxes: Think Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Maryland and California.  For example, a married couple in Connecticut with a $300,000 annual income aiming to borrow $1 million toward a $1.2 million house would be able to deduct about $33,000 in mortgage interest in the first year of their loan, compared with about $44,000 under the previous law. Because they would be in the 24 percent federal marginal tax bracket, buying that house would cost them about $2,650 more in the first year of the mortgage after taxes than under previous law.  Moreover, that familys state income tax obligations would push them over the $10,000 deductibility limit on their own, meaning the family would effectively lose the ability to deduct property taxes of around $22,000 a year, depending on the jurisdiction. That represents another reduction of this familys tax advantage from homeownership by about $5,000 a year.  (Our hypothetical family may not be losing out as much as those numbers suggest because they would have faced the alternative minimum tax under the old tax system  evidence of just how complex these calculations can be.)  Even people whose mortgages are well below $750,000, or who are in lower-tax states, may find the tax law could shift the incentives for buying compared with renting. The new law roughly doubles the standard deduction that all households can take, to $24,000 for a married couple, which means that more households will find that they get no net tax savings from taking on a mortgage. They are better off just taking the larger standard deduction whether they buy or rent.  Over all, Moodys Analytics estimates that the tax law will reduce home transaction prices by 4 percent, a number that reflects both the direct impact of tax changes and higher interest rates caused by larger deficits.) = 1
(These were the three Rosso di Montalcinos: La Torre, Le Potazzine and Lisini.  Each wine, as is required of all Rossos and Brunellos di Montalcino, was made entirely of the sangiovese grape. At times this rule has caused frustration among some Montalcino producers, who 20 years ago were seeking to soften sangioveses naturally high acidity, darken its characteristically ruby color and relax its often angular austerity by adding international grapes like merlot, syrah or cabernet sauvignon.  Those efforts outside the rules came crashing down in scandal in 2008. Since then, Montalcino producers have, outwardly at least, reconciled themselves to the sangiovese rule and have turned to legal, if not always palatable, methods to achieve their aims.  Among those methods, they might age the wine in small barrels of new oak, which can intensify the color. Frankly, Ive never understood the fixation with dark colors in red wine. Some of the greatest Burgundy, Barolo and sangiovese-based wines are fairly pale.  Photo  You would think that producers would aim for pale rather than dark. But they have heard from consultants that consumers prefer darker reds. The nonsense apparently flows in both directions.  Producers might also try to address some of their concerns in the vineyard, through how they manage the canopy of leaves, which can be arranged not only to allow a steady movement of air, reducing susceptibility to diseases, but also to shade grapes from the sun or to permit more direct sunlight, affecting the rate at which the grapes ripen. They can vary the yield of the vines, through pruning or thinning grape bunches, which can ultimately achieve greater or lesser intensity in the wines. And they can manipulate aromas, flavors and textures simply by deciding when to pick the grapes.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Im happy to say that I do not think that any of these three producers is troubled by the natural characteristics of sangiovese, one of the worlds great grapes. Each of these wines showed ample evidence of sangioveses vibrant acidity. They were also naturally tannic, meaning that they demonstrated the true tannins of the grape rather than the bitter tannins that can be imparted by new oak barrels. And they showed the true flavors and character of sangiovese, unmitigated by new oak.  But each bottle seemed to adhere to a different definition of ripeness. It seemed to me, judging strictly by the wine, that the Rosso from La Torre had been picked the earliest. Its dominant characteristics were freshness and purity of aromas and flavors.  Photo  I loved its liveliness, its dusty, earthy red fruit flavors with a touch of minerality and bitterness. In current wine parlance, sommeliers might refer to this wine as crunchy, like biting into a juicy apple in which the sweetness and the acidity were precisely balanced.  At the other end of this admittedly narrow spectrum, the Lisini Rosso seems much riper. The fruit is a little bit sweeter, as if you are not biting into a piece of fresh fruit but maybe dipping into some compote. Its also more tannic, as if the juice of the freshly crushed grapes had macerated longer with the tannin-bearing skins, or perhaps the grape skins were a bit thicker and contained more tannic compounds.  I would not call these grapes overripe by any means. Wines made from overripe grapes would be overtly jammy, with less acidity. They can feel thick, give an impression of sweetness and lack zest. Some people enjoy them, but not me.  The Rosso from Le Potazzine seemed to stake out a middle ground. It offered the acid snap of the La Torre but was even more tannic than the Lisini. The fruit was not sweet, but the flavors seemed darker, with almost a licorice tinge.  All of these wines improved with food, fettuccine Bolognese, but Le Potazzine really blossomed, melding beautifully with the rich, meaty sauce.  Photo  Rosso, as I said, is the younger sibling of Brunello di Montalcino. Whats the difference?  Brunello is aged longer, for one thing, four years before it can be released, of which a minimum of two must be in casks. Rosso need only be aged one year before release.  reader perspectives Eric Asimov, The New York Times  wine critic, is talking about  Rosso di Montalcino this month.  If you would like to join the conversation,  try one of the bottles listed here and as you try them, ask yourself these questions. Eric Asimov, The New York Timeswine critic, is talking aboutRosso di Montalcino this month.If you would like to join the conversation,try one of the bottles listed here and as you try them, ask yourself these questions. Oak These are generally aged in oak barrels. Do they smell or taste oaky? Vibrancy Sangiovese is a naturally acidic grape. Can you sense the acidity? Food How does it go with your meal? respond  Producers often choose to use the fruit from younger vines or from lesser sites in their Rosso, or grapes that simply did not fit into the blend of their Brunello.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Though marketers often try to capitalize on the fame of Brunello by referring to Rossos as Baby Brunellos, its better to accept Rossos on their own terms. They are lighter, fresher, more easygoing wines, more accessible without aging, though some will evolve and improve over the years. They generally do not require contemplation, and whats wrong with that? Deliciousness is its own reward.  I have noticed among some consumers a tendency to dismiss Montalcino wines in general as somehow not being authentic enough, much in the same way that many have sneered at Bordeaux. Please. Like any wine region in the world, Montalcino has its share of poseurs, manipulators and fabricators. But the good wines are beautiful and should not be missed.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Readers seemed to enjoy these wines, although several remembered days when they cost $10, not $30. Of course, we could have that conversation about a lot of wines. One reader, VSB in San Francisco, who drank the 2015 La Torre, seemed surprised about one thing, though.  Oddly, tasted better with the food than by itself, he said.  Welcome to Italy, where wine is especially constructed to go with food. On their own, most traditionally made Italian reds can taste acidic, tannic and bitter without food. They are meant for the table, not as cocktails or aperitifs. In Italy, thats what sparkling wine is for.  While I seized on these three wines for the opportunity they offered to talk about ripeness, other factors also play a role. Soils will influence the flavors; those grapes coming from heavier clay sites will be fruitier and denser, while those from sites with more limestone may be more aromatic and less fruity. The altitude of the vineyard plays a role, as does luck.  By that I mean that some things are out of a growers control. A crew of grape pickers might not be available at the moment a grower wants to harvest. That unexpected delay can result in riper grapes than envisioned.  But the most important factor is intent. Each of these wines, I believed, represented the intent of the producer, and each differed. So when you hear the next marketer crowing about the perfect ripeness of the grapes, simply know that the marketers should add a clause to their claim: in our opinion.  Follow NYT Food on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Pinterest. Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.) = 1
(The defiant but coolly controlled Girl Goin Nowhere, which opens the album, captures the sting of being told youll never make it, inspired by a cruel high school math teacher. Her father gave her the coat she sings about in The Jacket: This thing is 2,000 bonfires, hitchhike to Boulder/Its kept a million raindrops off your mothers shoulders.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Louder Newsletter Every week, stay on top of the latest in pop and jazz with reviews, interviews, podcasts and more from The New York Times music critics. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  The album was produced by Jay Joyce, who has worked with Eric Church and Little Big Town, and Ms. McBrydes music carries an eclecticism honed in the Memphis bars she used to play: A song about rural meth addiction, Livin Next to Leroy, is infused with Lynyrd Skynyrd, and there are hints of Springsteen on El Dorado.  Born in Waldron, Ark., Ms. McBryde was raised on a 400-acre cattle farm on the other side of the state, in Mammoth Spring. As a child, she traveled with her mother to bluegrass festivals, where she found an early mentor in the musician Carl Jackson. She attended Arkansas State University in Jonesboro to play French horn and study to be a band director.  After getting comfortable playing in Memphis, shed begun taking weekend trips to Nashville, leading one of her college instructors, seeing her divided loyalties between her studies and her ambitions, to offer some unsolicited, uncomfortable advice. He said, Youre skinny, youre pretty, and I think things will happen for you, and in five years youll be fat and nobodyll care, Ms. McBryde recalled. Thats a weird way to say I give you my blessing. She dropped out that day.  Photo  Like most sharp songwriters, Ms. McBryde has a keen sense of whom she is writing for. Fat and Famous, an uproarious song from her 2016 EP, was written for her 10th high school reunion and targeted the mean girls. An old loosie, Burning Down Chicago, was partly inspired by a woman who, in the middle of one of Ms. McBrydes bar performances, pulled a photo out of her wallet, laid it in an ashtray and set it ablaze.  Theres a few people that I write with that we dont stop until one of us cries, she said.  But in Nashville especially, there is a chasm between songwriter and performer, and Ms. McBryde is still smarting at the fact that her songwriting career never took flight. (Shes had a publishing deal for three years.) In a two-hour conversation, she only blanched once, at the fact that until the end of last year no one had recorded one of her songs. Wow, I wish we could smoke in here, she said.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  But perhaps if Ms. McBryde had found songwriting lucrative, she would have missed out on becoming the artist she is today. (Before Girl Going Nowhere, she self-released two albums and an EP; the first of those albums is largely gone from the internet, the victim of natural selection, she joked.) In that slow-moving country radio way, Dahlonega, which initially came out 10 months ago, is only just now gaining traction; its currently at No. 33 on the Billboard country airplay chart.  In the past year, shes sung with Eric Church, performed at the Ryman and recently toured as an opening act for Miranda Lambert. Shes got brass balls, Ms. McBryde said of Ms. Lambert. She is a strong-personality female and chose to let a strong-personality female open the show.  But she is still living on the stipend from her publishing contract, and she has yet to pay herself for a concert. She resides in Watertown, a city of about 1,500 an hour east of Nashville, in a cabin on a 27-acre lot that also includes a horse barn. Shes craving a new bed, and wants to replace the ceiling fan that kicks out a spark every time it turns on. But when she goes to the local bar  the one where no one knew she was a professional singer before she recorded the Dahlonega video there  she orders a double Jim Beam and ginger ale and the Texas Pete hot wings, and doesnt have to worry about being anyone but herself.) = 1
(Photo  Q. Can I get two colds at once?  A. Yes, you can. The phenomenon is known medically as coinfection and occurs when two germs, in this case viruses, cause infections at the same time.  More than 100 viruses can cause the common cold, so its not unusual to be exposed to two at once. And, since one virus doesnt typically confer immunity against the other, its not unusual to be infected by two viruses at once.  The best data about coinfection come from studies of more serious viruses, such as H.I.V. and hepatitis. These studies show that coinfection can worsen, ameliorate or have no impact on the course of an illness. The outcome depends on the viruses involved.  With H.I.V., coinfection with the two main types, H.I.V.-1 and H.I.V.-2, is actually beneficial. It slows the progression of the disease. Coinfection with H.I.V. and hepatitis C virus, on the other hand, worsens the outcome.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  With influenza viruses, which cause respiratory infections similar to that of the common cold, coinfection is uncommon. Coinfection with influenza A and B, two major types of flu virus, occurs in fewer than 2 percent of cases but doesnt seem to affect the overall outcome.) = 1
(Mr. Perlman, who is alive, said through a representative: I dont remember Mr. Lipshutz and I also dont recall my jury grades from 50 years ago. I want to wish him well.  By 1964, a promising future seemingly awaited Mr. Chandler at a world-class orchestra. He was 16, newspapers had chronicled his talents and he accepted an invitation that awaited only Mr. Galamians most gifted students: to study with him at the renowned Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia. But within months, Mr. Chandler would be living with his parents in New Jersey, seeing a psychologist and vowing never to touch the violin again.  Mr. Chandler still dislikes discussing how he abandoned the violin, and the degree to which he opens up about it depends on his mood. Thats when I found out what I was, he said one night on his boat. It was a nervous breakdown. I unraveled. His most direct explanation of the crisis is that he felt robbed of time. I didnt see myself, he said. Childhood was lost. Time was lost. Then one day I finally saw myself and I thought: Thats it. There has to be more. But I lost everything realizing that.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  So many of us had talent, then we just disappeared, he continued. They never see who they are. They dont know what they are. Its the same reason child actors never grow up. We never see ourselves.  Ms. Hulbert, the author of Off the Charts, called Mr. Chandlers turning point a kind of midlife crisis. A gift that once nurtured them suddenly becomes a big struggle, she said. Their crisis comes down to autonomy: What am I?  Mr. Sortomme, his former Juilliard classmate, was not entirely surprised to hear of the turmoil. I remember feeling there was not a lot of joy in Sauls life, he said. But he dismissed notions of Mr. Chandler as some fallen child wonder. Saul is better off having stopped playing the violin to save his life instead of just keep going to give the world one more great violinist, he said.  Photo  When Mr. Chandler was recuperating back at home, Ms. Pardee and Mr. Galamian pleaded with his parents: What can we do? What can we tell the school? Does Saul want to play something else? Mr. Chandler passed along his reply: Tell them I never want to be on a stage again. He put away his instrument and commenced his reinvention. First he became a truck driver, and then he went to New Orleans. I lost my virginity there, he said. I think.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  He changed his name in 1969 from Lipshutz to Chandler. I had to disappear, he said. I had to begin my metamorphosis. He got a job around this time running a dodgy hotel in Times Square. I knew all the hookers, and they knew me, he said. He also started studying mathematics at New York University, where he found he was gifted with numbers. He would become a successful actuary, calculating risk for organizations like the American Cancer Society.  As he chased lost time, his passion for the sea was growing. His father had read him books about sailing as a child, and on days off from violin practice they built boats together. Actuarial mathematics didnt necessarily thrill him, but the work let him finance his hobby, and he was sailing and building boats seriously by his 30s. It was my therapy, he said. He got married in 1983, moved to Washington Heights and had two children. He started keeping boats on City Island in the mid-1980s, and he said he has since crossed the Atlantic and sailed from the Bronx to Trinidad a dozen times. After retiring in 2002, he began commuting from his apartment to City Island practically daily. The only thing that has ever truly been constant for me in my life is boats, he said. When I build a boat, at least I can make it better. I can fix it.  I visited Mr. Chandler one winter night on his schooner, which is named Seraph and is dry-docked at Barrons Marine. The boatyard was cold and ghostly. In his cabin, as the space heater rattled, he handed me a Budweiser. While he told me about recent repairs, I noticed a dusty CD case beside his radio. Classical discs were inside. I asked if we could put something on.  Put on the Puccini, he said.  The dramatic opening of the opera Tosca was soon booming through the boatyard from his little lamplit boat. You fall in love with the voice when you get older, he said. Because you realize the human voice is all that matters. I flipped through more CDs and noticed some violin recordings. Hesitantly, I asked to play one.  Do I have the Brahms sonatas? he said. You can put that on.  An elegant melody swelled from the speakers. He stood upright. These are the most beautiful sonatas ever written, he said. Hes not playing the violin. The violin is playing him. Mr. Chandler closed his eyes and drank more.  Photo  Nobody wrote music, he said. They heard something. Except Mozart. He wrote the same thing over and over.  Bach was next. A dramatic crescendo played. Stop, he said. This is amazing. Can you turn this up? He swigged his beer. Can you imagine being on this boat? he said feverishly. Out in the middle of the ocean? Millions of miles from anything? Listening to this?  A few weeks later, he agreed to show me his violin, and we met at his apartment in Washington Heights, where he lives with his wife, Sula. The library was filled with books about sailing and Herman Melville novels.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The Chandlers raised their family in the neighborhood, and while music was around, his children grew up without having to practice an instrument for six hours a day. Mr. Chandlers adult son, Fred, said his fathers musical past was never discussed when he was a boy. Only thing I really remember is we had to play an instrument in grade school and I got the violin, he said. Right away, I got the sense he was uncomfortable with me playing it. He never tried to teach me. He went away while I was practicing. Except once in a blue moon, if he had been drinking, he might play a few minutes, and it was evident he was a real master.  Mr. Chandler went and fetched a bag of old newspaper clippings. My mother kept these, he said. Then he retrieved a dusty case. I havent opened this in 50 years, he said. Im scared to see whats inside.  Mr. Chandler opened the case and a musky odor emerged. Inside was a dark red violin. Blue cursive ink on its interior indicated it was built by a Parisian luthier named Joseph Bassot in 1802. He dragged on a cigar as he considered the instrument in his hands. Seeing this makes me think I made the right choice with my life, he said. I lived my life. Not the life of this violin. Then he started putting it away. I hate this thing, he said. I dont want to see it anymore.  He opened a beer and seemed happy to talk about anything other than music. But the violins quiet presence would not be denied. Eventually, he put down his beer and approached the case. Doubt I can even play this thing anymore, he grumbled, slowly tuning the instrument. Then he placed it to his chin and released his bow. A warm, glorious tone rose through the apartment. Then he bowed again, violently sliding his hand up the violins neck, and a graceful, thunderous sound filled the room. Then the note faded away.) = 1
(The Great Buddha +  Using a moody, noirish monochrome palette (punctuated with garish swatches of color video) and mordant, monotone voice-over narration (interrupted by stretches of deadpan dialogue), Huang Hsin-yao composes a dark satire of corruption and class resentment in Taiwan. Two friends, Pickle and Belly Button, spend their nights in compulsive voyeurism, watching and listening to dashcam recordings of Pickles boss, a big shot named Kevin, as he drives around in his Mercedes looking for (and sometimes having) sex with a series of women. Pickle and Belly Button are envious, aroused and appalled by the amorality of the rich, and the viewer is at once dismayed by the cruelty of this society and seduced by Mr. Huangs smooth and witty style. (A.O.S.)  The Guilty  Photo  The most commercial movie playing in the festivals first week, this tight, showy thriller gives it a much welcome blast of genre filmmaking. Seated in an arid Danish call center and flanked by colleagues he barely speaks with, a cop named Asger (Jakob Cedergren) is having what is clearly another bad day among many. Hes tethered to a phone in a harshly lit room, fielding calls from a citizenry he scarcely tolerates. His bad attitude rapidly shifts when he takes a call from a frantic woman, who says shes been kidnapped, setting off a classic race-against-the-clock rescue. The director Gustav Mller doesnt dig deep, but he skims the surface with entertaining wit and finesse. (M.D.)  Hale County This Morning, This Evening  Photo  The closing-night film of the festival poses a quietly radical challenge to assumptions about race, class and the aesthetics of filmmaking. The director, RaMell Ross (also credited as writer, producer, editor, cinematographer and sound recorder), chronicles several years in the lives of two young African-American men and their families. Mr. Ross focuses on work, school, parenthood and other ordinary experiences, but his method is the opposite of prosaic. He glimpses arresting, at times almost hallucinatory beauty in the rural Alabama landscape, and finds nuances of emotion that grow in intensity over 75 heady minutes. The movie is framed by a bluntly political question  as the films website puts it, How does one express the reality of individuals whose public image, lives and humanity originate in exploitation?  that yields pure cinematic poetry. (A.O.S.)  The Nothing Factory and Djon frica  Photo  In recent years, Portugal has emerged as a laboratory for cinematic experimentation, yielding fascinating and ambitious hybrids of documentary and fiction that tackle the countrys colonial legacy, its cultural traditions, the state of its working class and much more. The Nothing Factory, an astonishing film by Pedro Pinho, extends this tradition. Its an almost clinical study of working conditions and labor discontent, set at an elevator factory whose employees are in conflict with management. Its also a musical. Mr. Pinho, shooting in 16-millimeter film, fuses nostalgia with a militant sense of novelty.  Joo Miller Guerra and Filipa Reiss Djon frica, which was written by Mr. Pinho, achieves a different kind of fusion. A road movie (involving a quest for a lost father) that passes through the thickets of Portugals imperialist past and present-day Cape Verde, it mixes longing with exuberance, and finds an anarchic sense of possibility in a world of pain and injustice. (A.O.S.)  Our House  Photo  The conceit suggests a horror movie. A house in a small town on Japans coast has two sets of occupants  a single mother and her adolescent daughter; a single woman and a stranger afflicted with amnesia  who are unaware of each others existence. Are they ghosts? Inhabitants of different dimensions? Its never made clear, and while the film, the feature debut of Yui Kiyohara, is haunting, its more disquieting than terrifying. Its texture is delicately emotional and boldly, eccentrically philosophical. How do we recognize the reality of other people? How can we be sure that we ourselves are real? (A.O.S.)  Scary Mother  Less scary than driven and dyspeptically funny, the title character of this mordant comedy is on a mission. It takes a while to figure out what that is, though clues are scribbled in pen across Mananas arm and etched into her feverish face. Shes writing a novel, a labor of (perhaps) love that her editor, a humble stationery store owner, believes is a masterpiece. Whether both writer and editor are fantasists or not, the novel has become their shared passion and her lifes blood. It sustains Manana even as her loving if unsupportive husband and children conspire against her literary ambitions (especially after they discover her subject). With her terrific star, Nato Murvanidze, the Georgian director Ana Urushadze opens up one womans life with dark laughter, great feeling and truth. (M.D.)) = 1
(Balduccis flagship store, across the street from the original, opened in 1972 at West Ninth Street and Avenue of the Americas in Manhattan. Word of mouth made it a destination of choice for gastronomes in an era when tracking down what today is standard fare, like Italian parsley, would have required a dragnet of the citys greenmarkets.  Culinarians could find red chicory there, five different kinds of eggplant, direct imports of prosciutto di Parma, custom-grown broccoli rabe from Italy and, later, from California, pitahaya (a sweet pink fruit shaped like a mango) and trevigiano (a variety of radicchio)  to say nothing of arugula.  James Beard lived around the corner and shopped there for extra-virgin olive oil and Italian bread. Lou Reed bought linguine; Anna Wintour, pecorino; Uma Thurman, pesto. The conductor Michael Tilson Thomas, another regular for a time, once spotted Greta Garbo there.  Balduccis topped the Zagat Survey of New York Citys food specialty shops, and the celebrity butcher and broadcaster Merle Ellis exclaimed in The Chicago Tribune in 1989 that the store was as close to heaven as this butcher is likely to get. (The night meat manager was homonymously named Louis Porco.)  Photo  Andy and Nina really taught New York how to eat and cook genuine Italian food at a time when it was perceived as little more than pizza and pasta covered with red sauce and gooey cheese, the food writer and cooking teacher Julia della Croce wrote in an email.  Theirs, she said, was a place where for the first time, New Yorkers found authentic Italian cooking and could buy the ingredients they would need to make it at home.  Andrew Balducci was born in Greenpoint on Aug. 3, 1925. His mother was the former Maria Miscioscia. His father, Louis Balducci, arrived from Bari, Italy, in 1914 and began selling fruits and vegetables from his pushcart two years later, earning $5 a week.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  His parents returned to Italy with Andy when he was 2 months old, remaining there until 1939, when they went back to New York on the eve of World War II. Andy was 14.  He later took courses at the State Institute of Agriculture at Farmingdale on Long Island (now Farmingdale State College) and, not yet 20, enlisted in the Navy. He was injured during the Normandy invasion and hospitalized for six months.  After his discharge, he joined his father, who had lately been selling fish and delivering ice, in a new sidewalk fruit and vegetable stall at Greenwich Avenue and Christopher Street (with a bathtub out back for rinsing the produce as it was delivered).  Photo  In 1952, the younger Mr. Balducci married the former Nina DAmelio, who survives him, along with two of his four daughters, Marta and Andrea Balducci; his sister, Grace Doria; six grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren. His daughter Maria Murphy, who was known as Ria, died in 2006, and his daughter Dena Balducci died in a car accident in 1991.  Mr. Balducci took a hiatus from the food business in the mid-1950s to work for his father-in-laws Long Island masonry contracting firm, in Great Neck. He returned to his fathers store in 1968. In 1972, when the rent was about to be quadrupled, they opened a 5,000-square-foot market across the street.  The kitchen was staffed by Andy Balduccis sister and his mother, and his wife conceived a mail order catalog that soon thrived. Despite their booming business, though, the Balducci clan was as mismatched as bread and butter on an authentic Italian table.  Photo  Rancor between Andy and the stores co-owners  his sister, Grace, and her husband, Joe Doria  as well as between Andy and his father and his older brother, Charles, a physician who was known in the family as The Doctor, began boiling over in the late 1980s, leading to lawsuits.  Andy was accused by his father, by Charles and by the Dorias of cheating them out of their fair share of the ownership. When the Dorias opened their own market on the Upper East Side and called it Grace Balduccis, Andy countersued over the use of the Balducci name. (That establishment became Graces Marketplace.)  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The Guardian called all the acrimony a grand opera of sibling rivalry, jealousy, alleged swindling and lawsuits more piquant than the spiciest olives on the deli counter.  When his relatives accused Mr. Balducci of having a volatile temper, he told The Times in 2000, Im opinionated, but so far I havent killed anyone.  The family eventually reached a financial settlement.  Another family member long involved in running the store, Andys nephew Louis, Charless son, left to become a partner in Agata & Valentina, another Upper East Side food market.  By 1999, the real estate Balduccis occupied was worth more than the business itself (which none of his daughters were keen to inherit), and so Mr. Balducci sold the store for $26.5 million. He and his wife retired to East Williston on Long Island and Paradise Island in the Bahamas.  The new owners closed the store in 2003 after 54 years of selling perfect produce and overpriced provender, The New Yorker wrote.  Another version of the store opened briefly a few blocks away as Balduccis Food Lovers Market, but it was shuttered in 2009  although branches of it remained open in 10 locations outside New York, including Greenwich, Conn.  Today, Andys grandson T. J. Murphy is the chief executive of the familys wholesale spinoff, Baldor Specialty Foods. (The name is a hybrid of Balducci and Doria.)  Despite the family feud, Louis Balducci gave his uncle due credit for the stores success.  Andy was the creative and driving force, but he also had an incredible team behind him, he said in 2000. In the 70s and 80s, you couldnt touch Balduccis.) = 1
(If you had pulled somebody aside in the mid 1970s and asked him to predict how racially integrated America would be in 2018, he would probably have said: pretty integrated. American schools were integrating very quickly back then. The subject of racial integration was on everybodys tongue. Young people seemed to be growing up in a very different racial environment, and the rising tide of immigration was making America a more diverse place.  Unfortunately, the mid-70s were, by some measures, a kind of a high-water mark. School integration peaked then, and American schools have been resegregating since. Measured by Google Ngram, the phrase racial integration was used most frequently then; people have been using the phrase less and less ever since.  By the late 1990s, passion for the cause had been lost. As Tamar Jacoby wrote in her 1998 book Someone Elses House: If integration is still most Americans idea of the goal, few of us talk about it any more. The word has a quaint ring today  like gramophone or nylons.   Now we seem to have entered a phase of trepidation, or even passive segregation. Race is on everybodys mind, but are there enough efforts to create intimate bonds across racial lines? Jacoby emphasizes that there are two kinds of integration, objective and subjective. The former is about putting people of different races in the same classroom, office and neighborhood. The latter is about emotional bonds of connection, combining a positive sense of pride in group with an overall sense that we are a we.) = 1
(JERUSALEM  Tens of thousands of Palestinians gathered along Gazas border with Israel on Friday to vent their pent-up frustration in a protest that quickly turned violent, with Israeli forces killing 15 at the border fence.  As many as 30,000 arrived early in the day at tent encampments on Gazas side of the fence to stage what was billed as the start of a peaceful, six-week sit-in. They were protesting against Israels longstanding blockade of the territory and in support of their claims to return to homes in what is now Israel.  But as some began hurling stones, tossing Molotov cocktails and rolling burning tires at the fence, the Israelis responded with tear gas and gunfire. The Israelis said they also exchanged fire with two gunmen across the fence and fired at two others who tried to infiltrate into Israel.) = 1
(The Sacramento police on Friday said they had not viewed the autopsy and declined to comment, saying it was inappropriate because the investigation was continuing. We acknowledge the importance of this case to all in our community, the police said in a statement.  Photo  Protesters in Californias capital have taken to the streets nearly every day since Mr. Clark was killed on March 18, demanding that the citys leadership fire the two officers involved.  Mr. Clarks family have accused the police department of trying to cover up misconduct by its officers and decided to conduct its own autopsy.  Video showed officers shouting at Mr. Clark minutes after the shooting stopped. We need to know if youre O.K., an officer yelled about three minutes after the gunfire ended. We need to get you medics but we cant go over to get you help unless we know you dont have a weapon.  Dr. Omalu said the autopsy suggested that Mr. Clark lived for three to 10 minutes after the shooting, adding to questions about the amount of time it took to get him treatment. Medical assistance did not arrive until about six minutes after the shooting.  Dr. Omalu said that he could not determine if Mr. Clark would have survived if he had received medical attention more quickly, but every minute you wait decreases probability of survival.  In its initial account, the Police Department said Mr. Clark had advanced toward the officers while holding what they believed to be a firearm. In body camera footage provided by the police, it is not clear which direction Mr. Clark is facing, and the familys lawyer, Benjamin Crump, said the independent autopsy contradicted the assertion by the police that he was a threat.  Photo  Mr. Crump said the results proved that Mr. Clark could not have been moving toward the officers in a threatening fashion when they opened fire.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  These findings from the independent autopsy contradict the police narrative that weve been told, he said. This independent autopsy affirms that Stephon was not a threat to police and was slain in another senseless police killing under increasingly questionable circumstances.  Outside experts who have examined the case say it will be difficult to determine whether the officers could be held criminally accountable. The Supreme Court has sided with the police in fatal shootings if it is shown that officers reasonably believe their lives were in danger.  Justin Nix, who teaches policing at the University of Nebraska Omaha, said, Any police shooting on camera is going to look bad. But when the guy is on his stomach and they continue to shoot, a lot of people are going to be bothered by it.  Mr. Nix agreed the autopsy undercut the polices version of events, but said: Hes facing slightly in their direction. And it is possible they felt he was still reaching for what they thought was a gun.  David A. Harris, a professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law who studies police accountability, said the officers were at a disadvantage because they were relying on information about the suspect from a police helicopter circling overhead.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Race/Related Newsletter Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with a diverse group of New York Times journalists. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Once they confront the suspect however, the officers order Mr. Clark to show his hands, rather than raise his hands, which Mr. Clark may have been doing when he was shot, Mr. Harris said.  But he said that if the officers perceived that Mr. Clark was armed and moving toward them, they are trained to shoot. It is not clear they could have done anything differently, he said.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The shots to Mr. Clarks back were not enough by itself to seal a negative judgment, he said. In part because, the victims body may have turned after the shooting began, and it is still unclear whether they could see that he had turned.  The Sacramento police chief, Daniel Hahn, requested assistance from the California Department of Justice earlier this week, headed by Attorney General Xavier Becerra, to join the departments investigation as an independent party. Mr. Hahn said he hoped that step would reassure residents that the investigation would be impartial.  The episode began when two officers were dispatched to the Meadowview neighborhood in South Sacramento to investigate a report that someone was breaking car windows. A county sheriffs department helicopter joined the search and hovered above, at one point telling officers that a suspect had picked up a crowbar.  The officers eventually spotted Mr. Clark, who appears to have run from them into his grandmothers backyard. In body camera video, an officer is heard shouting the word gun repeatedly and opening fire almost immediately. No weapon was found on Mr. Clarks body; the only object found was his cellphone.  After other officers arrived, the two officers involved in the shooting muted the audio on their body cameras as they discussed what had happened, which has also drawn criticism.  Mr. Clarks funeral was on Thursday, attended by hundreds of mourners, including the Rev. Al Sharpton and other leaders from the Black Lives Matter movement. Mr. Clarks brother, Stevante, pleaded with supporters not to forget his brother. Protests over the shooting, which have spread nationwide, are planned to continue on Saturday.) = 1
(A native of Rhode Island, the photographer Michael Bailey-Gates first moved to New York after high school in order to meet and make work with the artists he had become friends with online. The internet was my secret passage to photography as a kid, he says, explaining that he would share his early images of his world through Flickr. I was always making a big mess at home, taking pictures in private to put online. Photography has always felt forbidden and dangerous to me, but has brought me everything in my life.  In New York, Bailey-Gates, 24, has continued to grow his network of collaborators, which now includes the artist, model and actress India Salvor Menuez, the singer Dev Hynes and the designers Mike Eckhaus and Zoe Latta, all of whom have appeared in his provocative portraits. A recipient of the Robert Mapplethorpe Foundation Award in 2015, Bailey-Gates describes making pictures as a process that has formed my identity, my relationships, the way I connect to the world.  In this new body of work, Horse in the Rough, which debuts exclusively here, Bailey-Gates references early motion-study photographs  but applies a very current perspective, without the gender norms traditional to classical portraiture. My photography is an imprint of my accumulated beliefs, he explains. Im not trying to convince you of something, because to me its already true.  Featuring both the photographer and his friends in and out of garments, the images depict environments teetering between the mundane and the otherworldly, embodying his wider vision of a fluid reality. Gender isnt real, he says. I want photography to support this fact. I want to challenge binary systems of thinking and overcome them.) = 1
(Many other species at Dr. Voyless research sites in Panama suffered the same grim fate. As had frogs around the world. Dr. Voyles and other frog researchers found that many of the dead frogs were covered with the same aggressive skin fungus, known as Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis or Bd.  As Bd spread from forest to forest, and continent to continent, researchers feared that amphibians might suffer mass extinctions. Today, many species of frogs and toads are still dwindling, and some have disappeared altogether.  But scientists like Dr. Voyles have also found a little cause for hope: a handful of species appear to be coming back. After discovering variable harlequin frogs again, she and her colleagues have returned to their Panama research sites and found a few other species that had previously vanished.  Theyre not in large numbers  their abundances are low, Dr. Voyles said. But we think that as more time goes by, well find more species that we thought were lost.  Now scientists are trying to figure out what accounts for these rebounds. On Thursday, Dr. Voyles and her colleagues published evidence suggesting that the frogs have gained potent defenses in their skin against the fungus.  Photo  But other experts are divided about whether the researchers found a cause of the rebound. Its possible that there are other causes at work. Even climate change  which is posing its own threats to many frog species  may be temporarily helping some frogs withstand the fungus.  When Dr. Voyles rediscovered a few vanished frog species, she initially suspected that the Bd fungus was becoming less deadly. In outbreaks of other pathogens, they have sometimes evolved into milder forms that no longer wipe out the hosts they depend on for their survival.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  To test that idea, Dr. Voyles and her colleagues got hold of frozen Bd samples gathered in Panama in 2004, early in the epidemic. They infected frogs with the old fungus, and observed how it compared to new strains of Bd. Its still pretty lethal over a decade later, Dr. Voyles said. So I was wrong.  Dr. Voyles was left with the possibility that the frogs themselves had changed. At first she found this idea unlikely, because there hadnt been much time for the frogs to evolve. While Bd can multiply in a matter of days, it can take many months for a frog to develop into a sexually mature adult.  She tested the hypothesis anyway. Dr. Voyles and her colleagues knew that frogs fight infections with potent skin secretions containing pathogen-killing molecules. Dr. Voyles and other researchers have found that when they add skin secretions to lab-grown Bd, it slows down the funguss growth.  Dr. Voyles wondered if frogs had acquired more potent skin secretions, allowing them to rebound. To test that possibility, she and her colleagues collected skin secretions from captive frogs in the Maryland Zoo. The frogs descend from ancestors that had been captured in Panama before the Bd epidemic.  The researchers added skin secretions from captive frogs to petri dishes of growing Bd. They then measured how much the frogs secretions slowed down the funguss growth.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  They then carried out the same treatment with skin secretions taken from rebounding populations of wild frogs. The researchers found a big difference between the two trials.  We had multiple species that were between two and fivefold different in their effectiveness, said Dr. Voyles, which is pretty striking.  Dr. Voyles speculated that some species of frogs included a few mutants with skin secretions that were effective against Bd. While many other frogs died off, the mutants survived and passed down their defensive genes.  James P. Collins, an evolutionary ecologist at Arizona State University, said he found Dr. Voyless explanation compelling. This would be the first candidate Id put on the table, he said.  But Karen R. Lips of the University of Maryland wasnt persuaded that the researchers made a convincing case for skin secretions. They dont actually provide data that really supports that, she said.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  To determine how much good skin secretions do, Dr. Lips said, it would be necessary to infect frogs and see whether stronger skin secretions actually keep more frogs alive.  Dr. Lipss skepticism comes from her own research on frog defenses. In some of her studies, she focuses not on skin secretions, but on the genes involved in the frog immune system.  She and her colleagues have found that some frogs respond to infections by switching on many of these genes and using them to make lots of immune-related proteins. But those frogs all die, along with the frogs that have a weaker genetic response.  Their genes are going crazy, but it doesnt matter, Dr. Lips said.  Its possible that the immune system of frogs will turn out to be a key to the rebound of some species, or their skin secretions  or both. Its also possible that other factors matter.  The Bd fungus can grow only in cool temperatures. If some frogs moved down to lower altitudes where its warmer, they might be spared.  You wind up selecting for animals that like to live in some spots as opposed to animals that live in cooler, shady spots, Dr. Collins said.  In some places, the frogs may not even have to move to gain this protection. In February, a team of Spanish researchers reported that three species of frogs in Spain are growing in numbers, even though Bd is present in the country and it can infect all the species there. They concluded that global warming is raising the temperature where the frogs live, keeping the fungus in check.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  In these cases, the frogs may be getting only a temporary reprieve. Their habitats may eventually get too hot not only for the fungus, but for the frogs themselves.  The skin secretion part of the story is probably not the only thing thats going on, Dr. Voyles acknowledged. Theres probably lots of different reasons why different species have survived and, in some cases, recovered.  Dr. Voyles also emphasized that the recovery of a few species was no reason to lean back and assume that nature would take care of the Bd crisis.  I want to put out the message that this is still bad, she said. The rebound, she argues, definitely is a glimmer of hope. But it does not mean by any means that everything is back and there is no problem.) = 1
(A LAB OF ONES OWN: Science and Suffrage in the First World War, by Patricia Fara. (Oxford University, $24.95.) Fara offers a vibrant series of profiles of women for whom the war presented an opportunity to take on roles in the scientific and medical realm, previously denied them. Reviewing the book, the noted science writer Dava Sobel classifies it alongside recent titles like Hidden Figures, by Margot Lee Shetterly, and says they provide much needed perspective, along with presumed-absent foremothers and role models. As a genre, these true stories constitute a chorus of voices all saying the same thing: Yes, Virginia, there are women who do science.  BACK TALK: Stories, by Danielle Lazarin. (Penguin, paper, $16.) Short fiction that probes the lives of American women whose privilege doesnt protect them from societys burdens. Beautifully crafted, these stories arent without viscera; sublimated rage fills the crevices between them, as Carmen Maria Machado notes in her review: Some of Lazarins stories  not coincidentally, my favorites  show women pinging furiously off one another instead of their boyfriends, husbands and fathers, gathering incremental surges of strength and autonomy and rage, of unspoken power.  Lazarins style succeeds in part because the stakes for her characters are wide-ranging, because the implications of their actions ripple outward. In Back Talk, the theme of internalized misogyny is, to be quite blunt, terrifying. Its all the scarier in that its so quietly and accurately rendered.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  BRAZEN: Rebel Ladies Who Rocked the World, by Pnlope Bagieu. (First Second, $24.95.) A celebrated French graphic novelist, Bagieu brings together colorful, whimsical portraits of women  some known and some obscure  who broke the mold and lived life as they wanted. The cartoonist Lynda Barry reviews it for us: Bagieus drawings are wonderful, she writes. Though sometimes spare, with minimal effort spent on backgrounds, her line manages to flow and skate through 29 stories of remarkable women. These drawings can act. They are alive with gestural attitude. They move, dance, struggle, fight back, fall in love, resist and wonder at the world. Some ham it up. Some suffer terrible abuse. To her credit, Bagieu doesnt back away from drawing the marks of violence on their faces and their bodies, which may come as a surprise to those who are expecting a rah-rah young adult girl-power sort of read.  JUST THE FUNNY PARTS: ... And a Few Hard Truths About Sneaking Into the Hollywood Boys Club, by Nell Scovell. (Dey St./Morrow, $27.99.) In this memoir of life as a TV comedy writer, the author lays out the years of toxic misogyny she endured on various sets. Scovell, whose rsum includes stints on many zeitgeist-y shows, from The Simpsons to Murphy Brown, catalogs the men who should have been comrades and instead were antagonists, Melena Ryzik writes in her review. Its not a short list.  MRS., by Caitlin Macy. (Little, Brown, $27.) A bristling, funny, savage novel that homes in on the conflicted lives of three ultra-wealthy Manhattan wives and the corrupt man on whom they take vengeance. Alex Kuczynskis review applauds the book for its entertainment value, and also for its deeper message: The boldest thing about Mrs.  as with Big Little Lies  is that it focuses on the depths of womens experiences as wives and mothers, Kuczynski writes. Their clashes with one another are entertaining, sure, but theyre a diversion from the more important conflict with their husbands and with male power.  THATS WHAT SHE SAID: What Men Need to Know (And Women Need to Tell Them), by Joanne Lipman. (Morrow, $28.99.) Lipman, a seasoned journalist and newspaper editor, investigates the plight of working women with sympathy and reams of data, uncovering innumerable institutionalized prejudices. Our reviewer, Robbie Myers, says that the book seems eerily prescient in light of our continuing national conversation about sexual politics in the workplace, and notes that it often provides fresh angles on familiar dynamics: When Lipman quizzed male executives on what it was about working with women that flummoxed them most, the resounding consensus was a crying woman. When women cry, a mans testosterone drops, which makes him depressed. If he only knew that women typically dont cry at work because theyre sad. According to the research Lipman cites, women cry in the office because theyre angry.  I WROTE THIS BOOK BECAUSE I LOVE YOU: Essays, by Tim Kreider. (Simon & Schuster, $26.) In Kreiders pleasurable and well-wrought essays, an affable hero gamely bumbles through adventures rich with moments of fleeting profundity and moral reckoning. His depictions of the arc from ignorance to wisdom are reliably deft, Melissa Febos writes in her review. Kreider is a curious and compassionate observer and a fantastic wit  I laughed to tears more than once.  THIS WILL BE MY UNDOING: Living at the Intersection of Black, Female, and Feminist in (White) America, by Morgan Jerkins. (Harper Perennial, paper, $15.99.) These challenging essays show how a sexist, racist culture prescribes black identity. Without turning linguistic or lyrical cartwheels, Jerkins lucidly articulates social dynamics that have dictated the realities of American black women for centuries, like how white feminism erases black women, Febos writes in her review.  Indeed, it is a book I wish everyone in this country would read.) = 1
(The Trump administrations first year of immigration policy has relied on claims that immigrants bring crime into America. President Trumps latest target is sanctuary cities.  Every day, sanctuary cities release illegal immigrants, drug dealers, traffickers, gang members back into our communities, he said last week. Theyre safe havens for just some terrible people.  As of 2017, according to Gallup polls, almost half of Americans agreed that immigrants make crime worse. But is it true that immigration drives crime? Many studies have shown that it does not.  Immigrant populations in the United States have been growing fast for decades now. Crime in the same period, however, has moved in the opposite direction, with the national rate of violent crime today well below what it was in 1980.  In a large-scale collaboration by four universities, led by Robert Adelman, a sociologist at the State University of New York at Buffalo, researchers compared immigration rates with crime rates for 200 metropolitan areas over the last several decades. The selected areas included huge urban hubs like New York and smaller manufacturing centers less than a hundredth that size, like Muncie, Ind., and were dispersed geographically across the country.  According to data from the study, a large majority of the areas have many more immigrants today than they did in 1980 and fewer violent crimes. The Marshall Project extended the studys data up to 2016, showing that crime fell more often than it rose even as immigrant populations grew almost across the board.  In 136 metro areas, almost 70 percent of those studied, the immigrant population increased between 1980 and 2016 while crime stayed stable or fell. The number of areas where crime and immigration both increased was much lower  54 areas, slightly more than a quarter of the total. The 10 places with the largest increases in immigrants all had lower levels of crime in 2016 than in 1980.  And yet the argument that immigrants bring crime into America has driven many of the policies enacted or proposed by the administration so far: restrictions to entry, travel and visas; heightened border enforcement; plans for a wall along the border with Mexico. This month, the Justice Department filed a lawsuit against California in response to the states restrictions on local police to assist Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers in detaining and deporting undocumented immigrants charged with crimes. On Tuesday, Californias Orange County signed on in support of that suit. But while the immigrant population in the county has more than doubled since 1980, overall violent crime has decreased by more than 50 percent.  Theres a similar pattern in two other places where Mr. Trump has recently feuded with local leaders: Oakland, Calif., and Lawrence, Mass. He described both cities as breeding grounds for drugs and crime brought by immigrants. But Oakland, like Orange County, has had increasing immigration and falling crime. In Lawrence, though murder and robbery rates grew, overall violent crime rates still fell by 10 percent.  In general, the studys data suggests either that immigration has the effect of reducing average crime, or that there is simply no relationship between the two, and that the 54 areas in the study where both grew were instances of coincidence, not cause and effect. This was a consistent pattern in each decade from 1980 to 2016, with immigrant populations and crime failing to grow together.  In a majority of areas, the number of immigrants increased at least 57 percent and as much as 183 percent, with the greatest increases occurring in the 1990s and early 2000s. Violent crime rates in most areas ranged between a 43 percent decline and a 6 percent rise, often trending downward by the 2000s. Places with a sharp rise in the immigrant population experienced increases in crime rates no more frequently than those with modest or no growth in immigration. On average, the immigrant population grew by 137 percent between 1980 and 2016, with average crime falling 12 percent over the same period.  Because the F.B.I. changed how rape was defined in its crime figures, that category could not be included in this analysis. Focusing on the other components of the violent crime rate  assaults, robberies and murders  still fails to reveal a relationship with immigration rates.  Immigrant  population Assaults Robberies Murders  Most areas experienced decreases in all types of violent crime. The change in assault rates ranged from a 34 percent decline to a 29 percent rise, while robbery rates declined in the range of 12 percent to 57 percent, and murder rates declined in the range of 15 percent to 54 percent.  This analysis is one of the most comprehensive longitudinal studies of the local immigrant-crime relationship. It spans decades of metropolitan area data, incorporating places with widely differing social, cultural and economic backgrounds, and a broad range of types of violent crime.  Areas were chosen to reflect a range of immigrant composition, from Wheeling, W.Va., where one in 100 people was born outside the United States, to Miami, where every second person was. Some areas were home to newly formed immigrant communities; other immigrant pockets went back generations. Controlling for population characteristics, unemployment rates and other socioeconomic conditions, the researchers still found that, on average, as immigration increases in American metropolises, crime decreases.  The foreign-born data, which is collected through the census, most likely undercounts the numbers of undocumented immigrants, many of whom might wish to avoid the risk of identifying themselves. They are, however, at least partly represented in the overall foreign-born population counts.  This is not the only study showing that immigration does not increase crime. A broad survey released in January examined years of research on the immigrant-crime connection, concluding that an overwhelming majority of studies found either no relationship between the two or a beneficial one, in which immigrant communities bring economic and cultural revitalization to the neighborhoods they join.  This article was published in partnership with The Marshall Project, a nonprofit news organization covering the U.S. criminal justice system. Sign up for its newsletter, or follow The Marshall Project on Facebook or Twitter. Anna Flagg is an interactive reporter for The Marshall Project.) = 1
(Citizens of roughly 40 countries to which the United States ordinarily grants visa-free travel will not be affected by the requirement. Those countries include major allies like Australia, Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Japan and South Korea.  In addition, visitors traveling on diplomatic and official visas will mostly be exempted.  As news of the plan emerged on Friday, so did criticism.  This attempt to collect a massive amount of information on the social media activity of millions of visa applicants is yet another ineffective and deeply problematic Trump administration plan, said Hina Shamsi, director of the American Civil Liberties Unions National Security Project. It will infringe on the rights of immigrants and U.S. citizens by chilling freedom of speech and association, particularly because people will now have to wonder if what they say online will be misconstrued or misunderstood by a government official.  Anil Kalhan, an associate professor of law at Drexel University who works on immigration and international human rights, wrote on Twitter, This is unnecessarily intrusive and beyond ridiculous.  Facebook said its position had not changed since last year, when it said: We oppose any efforts to force travelers at the border to turn over their private account information, including passwords.  Along with the social media information, visa applicants will be asked for past passport numbers, phone numbers and email addresses; for records of international travel; whether they have been deported or removed, or violated immigration law, in the past; and whether relatives have been involved in terrorist activities.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Maintaining robust screening standards for visa applicants is a dynamic practice that must adapt to emerging threats, the State Department said in a statement. We already request limited contact information, travel history, family member information, and previous addresses from all visa applicants. Collecting this additional information from visa applicants will strengthen our process for vetting these applicants and confirming their identity.  Millions of people each year complete the online application for a nonimmigrant visa, known as the DS-160. It takes about 90 minutes to fill out, according to the department.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The San Bernardino, Calif., terrorist attack in 2015, which killed 14 people, focused attention on immigrants social-media use, after officials acknowledged that they had missed signs of online radicalization in an online-messaging platform used by the husband and wife who carried out the attack.  Last year, John F. Kelly, who was then the secretary of homeland security and is now Mr. Trumps chief of staff, told members of Congress that his department was considering asking visitors for passwords and access to online accounts.  We want to get on their social media, with passwords, Mr. Kelly told members of the House Homeland Security Committee. If they dont want to cooperate, then you dont come in.  So far, the government has stopped short of demanding passwords, though travelers have reported being asked for them, on a sporadic basis, at airports and other ports of entry. By some measures, the number of international visitors to the United States has begun to slip, although foreign tourism to New York City set a record last year.  The new State Department requirements will not take effect immediately. The proposal set off a 60-day period for public comment, which ends on May 29.  On Sina Weibo, one of Chinas largest social media platforms, several users were critical of the plan.  Does it mean someones visa application will likely be rejected if he/she has been critical of the U.S.? one wrote. What about your sacred freedom of speech?  Another user wrote: We Chinese have learned well enough the lessons to be drawn from isolation. Now its Americas turn.) = 1
(The central goals Mr. Carranza articulated in Houston revolved around giving poor students a better shot. One of his major, and most controversial, plans involved making changes to the citys magnet-school programs by giving some preference to children from low-income families and eliminating many of the test-score and academic requirements. Houstons high-performing magnet schools are dominated by white middle-class families, and factions of the board are fierce defenders of the current rules.  Another significant proposal was a change to the way schools were funded, which would take some discretion away from principals but provide a minimum level of staffing at every school. Neither the funding nor the magnet changes have yet been approved. Mr. Carranzas initial magnet proposal, which called for cutting funding to many of the programs, angered parents and was withdrawn.  Mr. Fuleihan, Mr. de Blasios deputy mayor, said that while 18 months  Mr. Carranzas time in Houston  was a short tenure, the mayor found the vision Mr. Carranza outlined there to be appealing. Mr. Fuleihan also cited Mr. Carranzas response to Hurricane Harvey, after which he quickly reopened schools, as evidence of his management skills, especially in light of bungled responses after other storms, like Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans in 2005.  How you respond to those things, and how calmly you do it, and how you put things together, Mr. Fuleihan said of what New York officials saw in Mr. Carranzas crisis response. I think thats very telling about how you can handle a school system like New York City.  Mr. Fuleihan also pointed out that for any new chancellor, New York would be a big jump. The second-largest district in the country, Los Angeles, serves 640,000 students, about 460,000 fewer than New York.  Nonetheless, others found Mr. Carranzas record of accomplishment lacking. Priscilla Wohlstetter, a distinguished research professor at Columbia Universitys Teachers College who studies urban education, said he had neither robust experience in a large district nor an established record of leadership in another big organization, as, for example, some superintendents with military backgrounds have shown.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The pipeline for superintendents is very thin, Ms. Wohlstetter said. We are the largest district in the country, and this is the caliber of person we end up appointing?  Bill Miller, an Austin lobbyist who has represented the Houston school district, said that Mr. Carranza was an an A-plus human being, an A-plus educator, but that he seemed to struggle with the internal politics of his job. Thats not his natural bent, Mr. Miller said.  In New York, he will have just one boss, Mr. de Blasio, which should simplify matters somewhat. But with the citys cacophonous media landscape, the external forces Mr. Carranza faces are about to get a turbo charge.  Just as New York City is on steroids in regards to the number of students, said Mr. Pallas of Columbia, its probably on steroids with regards to the politics, as well.) = 1
(On a chilly March afternoon in Williamsburg, Julia Cumming, the platinum-haired bassist of the New York rock band Sunflower Bean, is sorting through worn-in T-shirts and denim at the vintage store 10 Ft. Single when her own voice comes on the overhead speakers. A grin spreads across her face  this is certainly not the first time this has happened. Youre getting old, so act your age, the real-life Cumming croons along.  Nor will it be the last: On the heels of sold out-shows in L.A. and San Francisco, and 11 performances at the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Tex., Sunflower Bean will in a few days release a sophomore album, Twentytwo in Blue, named for the age its members all recently turned. Since forming in 2013, the band has been heralded as a successor to New York rock acts including Blondie and The Velvet Underground; last year, they opened for the Pixies.  Today, theyre visiting their hometown vintage spots around Brooklyn, scoping out outfits for the upcoming tour. Their sound (and look) is one part psychedelia, one part glam rock, and all parts teen  or rather, early-20s  spirit. You look like Kurt, the drummer, Jacob Faber, referring to Kurt Cobain, says to guitarist Nick Kivlen, whos trying on a red flannel shirt at Bushwicks Urban Jungle. Maybe in a too literal way? Kivlen replies. He settles on a shrunken Ralph Lauren button-down; Faber, on a 1970s three-piece suit. Is aesthetic consistency overrated? Totally, they both say.  Cumming is one dressing room over, sorting through folds of sparkly white lace. Its like a slutty wedding! she exclaims gleefully, of the early-Betsey Johnson-esque dress shes trying on. Cumming is also a model: for Anna Sui, Max Mara, Rochas and, most prominently, Saint Laurent, where her inky gaze  today accented by midnight eyeliner and untamed brows  caught the eye of the brands then-creative and image director Hedi Slimane; between 2014 and 2016, she walked in six shows and starred in three campaigns for the brand.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Unsurprisingly, Cumming loves fashion. Loewe and Eckhaus Latta are among her favorite brands, although vintage is more her speed financially and more practical for sweaty stages. She gravitates toward velvet pieces, often with puff sleeves. Todays stores, all close to the Brooklyn apartment that Cumming, Faber and Kivlen once shared, are rummage-friendly. At L Train Vintage in Bushwick, Cumming picks out a 1950s rhinestone jumpsuit, from a rack where most things are sparkly and under $20.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Though Sunflower Beans sound nods to past decades, its not vintage: The mash-up of influences  T. Rex, the Velvet Underground, Tame Impala, the poet Dylan Thomas  makes it new. Faber and Kivlen grew up in Glen Head, Long Island, and met in high school. They picked up Cumming, an East Village native, at D.I.Y. shows  held in community-focused and artist-run spaces in Brooklyn  around 2012. We were basically the only kids our age who were coming out to things every night, she recalls.  Rock music has historically been a way for kids to dissent, but the D.I.Y. scene which incubated the group just a few years ago has largely dispersed, says Faber. If youre a new band who isnt from here, you probably cant afford to get started in New York. One song from Twentytwo in Blue, Crisis Fest, considers dissent in multiple locales: Theres a coup in our country / Its happening now / A coup in our city / Its happening downtown. Sunflower Bean shot the video at a show they played at the music venue Alphaville, in Brooklyn, last year. In an interlude, audience members answer the question Whats it like being young in 2017? Weird, says one. Chaotic, says another. Great, say three. At 10 Ft. Single, I pose the same question to Kivlen. Were the same as them, he says, referring to his fans.) = 1
(Allegations later surfaced that the cardinal himself had been involved with abuse decades ago. Pope Francis granted Cardinal Pell a leave of absence to contest the charges, which the cardinal has vehemently denied.  Fiery exchanges during witness testimony this week typified the tone of the hearing, and they have shed light on the seriousness of the yet-to-be-detailed charges. On Wednesday, Ms. Wallington asked the cardinals attorney Robert Richter to stop shouting at her before she denied his request that she recuse herself from hearing the case.  The hearings have been punctuated by similarly heated exchanges, many of which have involved Mr. Richter, a lawyer known for a confrontational style of cross-examination and for commanding a five-figure daily fee.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Morning Briefing What you need to know to start your day in Australia, delivered to your inbox. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Earlier Wednesday, Mr. Richter told the court that the task force set up to investigate potential offenses by the cardinal was an operation looking for a crime.  He suggested that the police may have avoided specific lines of questioning while collecting evidence and statements that led to the charges against the cardinal.  It would be horrible if an investigator decided not to pursue an obvious line of questioning just because he was afraid that the answers might destroy his case, Mr. Richter said to Superintendent Paul Sheridan, the detective who led the investigation into the cardinal for the last two years.  I would agree with that, replied Mr. Sheridan, who stood for the entirety of his cross-examination, angling his body and eyes away from Mr. Richter. At several points, Mr. Richter mentioned that he and Mr. Sheridan had known each other for a long time.  Photo  During several hours of testimony, Mr. Richter pressed Mr. Sheridan on apparent inconsistencies in his testimony, at one point suggesting that the cardinals robes were made in such a way that events alleged to have taken place at a Melbourne cathedral could not have happened.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  He also argued that acts of appalling seriousness alleged to have occurred on a mountaintop, on an altar and at a 1978 screening of Close Encounters of the Third Kind could not have happened, citing inconsistencies in the accusers timeline.  It was on this point that Ms. Wallington questioned Mr. Richters own proposed timeline, leading him to further argue his case with her.  Please dont shout at me, Mr. Richter, Ms. Wallington said softly.  It was then that Mr. Richter asked the magistrate to disqualify herself from further hearing this matter, on the basis of a biased view of the evidence.  Your application is refused, replied Ms. Wallington.  On Tuesday, Mr. Richter accused the journalist Louise Milligan of omitting key reporting in a television report on the accusations and a book she published last year, Cardinal: The Rise and Fall of George Pell.  The court had previously heard that statements some complainants gave to the police differed somewhat from those given to Ms. Milligan during her reporting. As is common in such cases, her book was removed from bookstores in the state of Victoria, where the trial is taking place.  She distorted what went to the public, Mr. Richter said of Ms. Milligans coverage. I would put to her that she distorted it even more in her book, so as to poison the publics mind against Cardinal Pell, he added.  I completely and utterly reject that, Ms. Milligan said.  Of course you would, said Mr. Richter.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Ms. Milligan later pushed back on Mr. Richters characterizations of some accusers, saying that abuse victims were unfairly torn apart by people like you in courts.  Mr. Richter later described some of Ms. Milligans documented exchanges with her sources as charming, if not flirtatious, which she dismissed as insulting.  I think that is an absolutely sexist assertion, she said.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Subscribe to the Australia Letter Newsletter Damien Cave, our new Australia bureau chief, shares insights on global news, local recommendations and feedback from readers in this weekly newsletter. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Should the cardinals case go to trial, it is unclear how soon there would be a resolution. A pretrial hearing would be held to determine what evidence could be used during the trial, and another hearing would be held to determine a timeline for the proceedings.  Its hard to predict how long it will be  it depends on the law calendars, said Mark Nolan, a professor of criminal law at the Australian National University.  If the magistrate rules that there is insufficient evidence to send the case to trial, Victorias director of public prosecutions can still decide to try Cardinal Pell.) = 1
(Forty-four percent of local governments report that they regularly face cyberattacks, on either an hourly or daily basis. More troubling is the high percentage of governments that do not know how often they are attacked (28 percent) or breached (41 percent). Further, a majority of local governments do not catalog or count attacks (54 percent).  This is not just an American problem. Last month, at a conference in Tel Aviv, Tamir Pardo, the former head of Mossad, Israels national intelligence agency, said that most local government leaders around the world do not fully understand how serious a threat cyberattacks are and have not imaginatively assessed the consequences of inaction. He described cyberthreats as soft nuclear weapons that one day may be used to start and finish a war without firing a shot.  So what should local governments do to improve their cybersecurity apparatus to help prevent or mitigate damage from future attacks like the one experienced in Atlanta, or from those contemplated by Mr. Pardo?  First, local leaders must create a culture of cybersecurity that imagines worst-case scenarios and explores a range of solutions to mitigate threats to the ecosystem of local government technology. This should involve prioritizing funding for cybersecurity, establishing stronger cybersecurity policies and training employees in cybersecurity protocols. Success will require collaboration with local elected officials, internet-technology and cybersecurity staff members, department managers and end users.  Cybersecurity is more than just the I.T. departments problem. It must now also be a top priority along the entire chain of elected and appointed officials in and around local governments. Preventing and mitigating the effects of future attacks will require intergovernmental cooperation, because localities work together across state lines and collaborate with the federal government on crucial tasks like running elections, managing transportation and sharing intelligence.  Most technological advances are transforming local governments for the better, moving them from inefficient and costly paper systems to digital systems that allow for better analysis and understanding of policy decisions. The science of analytics and big data promises even greater leaps for local governments in evidence-based policymaking. These exciting developments may one day radically alter the ways that traditional local government services are financed, operated and managed.) = 1
(Photo  It will be tempting for most critics to approach The Female Persuasion through the lens of the current political climate  perhaps nigh impossible for them not to. Meg Wolitzers 12th novel begins with a campus assault that leads to a protest that leads to an intergenerational feminist debate that takes a turn for the toxic. Its as if a healthy portion of the Twittersphere were aggregated, swallowed and spit back out as the plot of a literary novel.  And who will blame these critics? The novels protagonist, Greer Kadetsky  who starts the book as a faceless college freshman absorbed in her own unhappiness, practically curating it  is the living embodiment of todays growing number of young white women whose own processes of politicization are equally inspiring and problematic. Her budding friendship with a self-actualized queer girl named Zee Eisenstat, as well as an utterly clinical and horrific groping at a frat party, set Greer  all the while consumed with her boyfriend, who is miles away at Princeton  on the activist path.  And it is this path that leads her straight to Faith Frank, a notorious figure in the womens empowerment movement who reads as part Gloria Steinem, part Eve Ensler, part Dame Helen Mirren. Faiths confidence, passion and good humanitarian deeds (which she allows Greer to join in as part of her undertaking) come to define the next half-decade of Greers life, as her bond with Zee and her seemingly idyllic romance with said boyfriend, Cory, fracture and eventually combust.  Photo  The novels timeliness cannot be overstated, but it also invites a bigger question: What do we as readers, as a society, want from our fiction? Is it enough for it just to speak to the zeitgeist? Or are we also committed to words working their magic and characters growing hotter to the touch with each passing page? Of Greers interest in language, Wolitzer  a noted bard of middle-class malaise  writes, All written words danced in a chain for her. And the same could be said of the author herself, who writes in warm, specific prose that neither calls attention to itself nor ignores the mandate of the best books: to tell us things we know in ways we never thought to know them.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Of all the political threads that permeate The Female Persuasion, the one that interests me most is the challenge of intergenerational feminism. This reviewer must confess to having met Wolitzer, through our mutual mentor Nora Ephron, whose humanity and specificity can often be felt in Wolitzers work  here, particularly in the woeful characters who populate the student lounge at the fictional Ryland University, like the girl who needs help deciding whether diarrhea constitutes a medical emergency. (It is no wonder the first feature film Ephron directed, This Is My Life, was based on a Wolitzer novel.) This connection is a reminder of what can be nurturing, inclusive and essential about the interweaving of ideas between women of varying ages, of how feminism expands rather than shrinks, while also sometimes forgetting to make room for what doesnt resemble itself.) = 1
(After the 2010 earthquake killed more than 200,000 people and displaced more than a million, the government of Haiti identified mining for gold and other metals as necessary to strengthen the economy.  To that end, the government and the World Bank worked to revise the countrys mining law to attract foreign investment. Their draft law, which was presented to Parliament last July and is awaiting consideration, did not include input from Haitian environmental and human rights organizations.  The lack of transparency surrounding the proposed new mining law raises significant concerns about whose interests would be represented under the revamped legal framework. Canadian and American companies have already been granted permits to explore for gold, copper and other metals in the northern hills of Haiti. Although the full extent of Haitis mineral resources is unknown, some estimate that there is $20 billion worth of precious metals in the soil. If passed, the law would pave the way for the countrys first commercial metal mine.  The experiences of poor but resource-rich countries around the world provide a stark reminder that translating natural resources into public wealth is a very risky business  one that often fails. Even in developed countries, industrial-scale mining has contaminated water, increased security threats, forced thousands of people from their homes, and damaged ecosystems for generations. In poor countries like Haiti, the record is even worse. Given the unique vulnerabilities it faces, mining could deal the countrys environment and economy a blow from which it would never recover.) = 1
(For no money or a few dollars on iTunes, you can download soothing music and nature sounds, and you need not pack any extra gear. (If you find yourself tiring of the free sounds, most of these sorts of apps have a paid version with additional tracks.) A travel colleague recommends White Noise Plus, as well as White Noise Ambience, from the makers of the Seasons app . (Her favorite sleep sound? Airplane cabin.)  Ive found a good method to involve a combination of a gadget called SleepPhones, along with audio or videos of soft background talking (which for me seems to best mask other voices in hotel hallways and on airplanes). SleepPhones are flat speakers in a soft, lightly padded headband that allow side sleepers to avoid the dreaded in-ear pain from earbuds. Its designed to fit around your forehead, though I like to position the band so the speakers are over my ears and the fabric lightly covers my eyes. The options include a wireless version ($99.95) and a wired version ($39.95), and both play any music, talk radio, or white noise you have on your smartphone or computer. There are, as with most products, downsides. Because the speakers arent in your ear, the sound has never been loud enough for me to drown out noisy passengers on an airplane the way sound through earbuds can. (This could also be a problem for those who want to use SleepPhones to tune out a vigorously snoring partner.) And charging the wireless Bluetooth version through its USB port is inelegant: You have to open the fabric headband to get at the wiring.  But that said, this little device causes no ear pain and is as light and as small as a sock, so theres barely any added weight or space in your luggage. Also, while SleepPhones come with an app that includes soothing sounds, you dont need it for the headphones to work. Thats a relief: A number of sleep-related products have apps that are awkward to use and instruction booklets that put you to sleep faster than the devices themselves.  Yet while sleeping away from home can be challenging, when it comes to managing jet lag, things get even tricker.  A handful of new apps purport to help by adjusting your circadian rhythms. Chronoshift says it uses the travel details you input to create the ideal sleep-wake schedule for the days before your particular trip (free). Uplift aims to fight jet lag through a personalized regimen that involves activating certain acupressure points ($9.99 a year). The Illumy Sleep and Wake Mask by Glo to Sleep ($149) uses an app and colored light panels pulsing at various speeds to help encourage sleep (a slow, red pulse to simulate a setting sun) or wakefulness (faster, blue pulsing for a gradually brightening morning sky). The mask is controlled through a smartphone app (for instance, you can adjust the duration of the simulated sunset and the time you want to be awakened). And its thick enough to block out light, though this also makes it a bit heavy and stiff  indeed, this side sleeper couldnt wear it. I did, however, find the slightly weighty mask with its pulsing red light somewhat comforting to begin to doze off in on my back at the end of the day. But then, I was tired at the end of the day  so perhaps it simply felt good to lie down? The company says its regimen of sunset and blue sky exposure is like the system used to help astronauts in space keep their body clocks in sync.) = 1
(I told the story in the way that seemed most revealing to me: from within the anguish of the people I met. The intersection of personal and national psyches has always constituted the richest point of journalistic inquiry for me.  I stuck to what I knew. But facts can be inadequate. I recall two people, a man and a woman, seated at a restaurant in war-ravaged Beirut. The waiters folded the linen napkins with great care, a small act of defiance. Yes, that was verifiable. But what was passing between the couple, what inhabited the small magical space separating their fingertips, and how had it momentarily blotted out the shelling?  The war was one thing, wartime another. It may be debated where the greater truth lay. As Amos Oz, the Israeli novelist, once put it, Facts at times become the dire enemies of truth. Picassos Guernica is a poor factual account of what happened in a Basque village on April 26, 1937, and a magnificent rendering of what has happened in every village that was ever bombed in any war. The painting is a perfect journalistic dispatch, if measured by how much universal truth it contains.  That, however, is not what journalists are about most of the time. Their realm is facts. Stubborn facts, the kind that bring down governments, usher barbarians to judgment. We are living a great journalistic flowering, provoked by the contempt for the truth, and often for the Constitution, of Donald Trumps White House. In the unending task of keeping the Republic, journalists have made a difference.  Perhaps thats what it comes down to: making a difference, in some small but important way. Sure, journalism can be a cheap shot when its self-congratulatory, or voyeuristic, smug or shallow. (Fake news is not journalism.) The journalist evokes suffering and moves on; the suffering tends to endure.) = 1
(The awakening started with the revulsion of women  at a president who is credibly accused of sleeping with porn stars while his wife nursed their newborn child and who bragged of sexual assault, and at his daily slights to truth, dignity and other values that mothers teach their children.  And now its the youngs turn. Critical thinking has arrived at a critical time. Theyre not afraid of trolls; they grew up with snark from a screen. So after Laura Ingraham at Fox taunted a Parkland shooting survivor for not getting into his college of choice, the student immediately tweeted out a list of her advertisers. When they threatened to bail, she apologized.  These self-righteous kids screaming at you on television over the weekend arent helping out at all, said Tucker Carlson, another Fox scold. As he knows, they are helping  but just not his side. First we march, then we vote, was a leading slogan of the demonstrations.  The problem is that Americans are among the least-active voters in developed countries  another consequence, I would argue, of not teaching the manual of democracy in school. And young people are the least likely to vote.  Adults mess up a lot, Sotomayor told the high school kids in her audience in Seattle. We dont have all the answers. We need you to come up with fresher and better ideas.  So today, these young people wonder why even the most obvious legislation, universal background checks on all gun purchases, cant pass in Congress despite support from 90 percent of the public. They learn quickly that its because a single lobby owns the politicians. The obvious solution, which jaded political minds often forget, is to vote the bums out. Its not complicated.  And again, it shouldnt be a D.I.Y. thing. Lets teach people how to tell fake news from real news. They do this in Italy, and many universities in the United States have taken it up as well. It should be, like learning road signs before you can get a drivers license, one of the courses that everyone takes before getting out of high school.  Democracies die when citizens feel powerless. The biggest stress test will come if Trump fires the special counsel Robert Mueller. Then, all the people new to the process will see what a constitutional crisis looks like. But thanks to recent, real-life lessons, theyll recognize it for what it is. And they wont feel powerless to do something about it.) = 1
(In the San Bernardino, Calif., shooting that killed 14 people, law enforcement officials called Tashfeen Malik and Syed Rizwan Farook terrorists. The same was true in Orlando, Fla., where Omar Mateen killed 49 people at a nightclub.  But in Charleston, S.C., where Dylann Roof murdered nine African-Americans at a historically black church, law enforcement did not label him a terrorist. The same was true in Las Vegas, where Stephen Paddock killed 58 people at a concert.  Under the law, terrorism is a violent, criminal act intended to intimidate civilians and governments for an ideological, political or religious purpose. In this case, we have yet to see evidence that the attacks in Texas were politically motivated, though certainly there has been suspicion that there was racial animus because the first two victims were African-American.  Anne Barnard, Beirut Bureau Chief: The words terrorist and terrorism are problematic because there is no universal consensus on what they mean. Thus, the decision to label an attack or attacker terrorist is almost always at least partly a political judgment.  Contradictions and debates abound over which groups governments list as terrorist and which they dont. Some examples: The United States main partner against the Islamic State in Syria is a Kurdish militia listed as terrorist by a critical NATO ally, Turkey. Hezbollah, which is listed as a terrorist group by the United States government, is also a political party represented in Lebanons Parliament. And some groups argue that when a government deliberately bombs civilians, that too should be called terrorism.  It strikes me that in media coverage in general, terrorism is often used as if it were a synonym for Islamist extremist violence. That grates on me: Terrorism  whatever your working definition is  is a method, not an ideology. Its a method that could be used, and has been used in history, to further a wide spectrum of different ideologies.  For these reasons, I try to avoid using the terms terrorist and terrorism at all, unless they are inside quotation marks or refer to a governments decision to place a group on its designated terrorist list.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  During all these years of wrestling with how to cover violence, I have found it more precise and informative to simply describe exactly what the attack was  how it was done, how many people it killed, whether there is a known or suspected motive  rather than label it terrorist or not. Whats most important is what crime was committed and what its impact was.  Calling a Black Child a Man  Why do you (and other outlets) keep referring to Draylen Mason as a man? He was a 17-year-old boy or teen. Calling him a man somehow feels like an effort to desensitize people to his loss.  Anne, Spokane, Wash.  Marc Lacey, National Editor: I agree with you that, at the age of 17, Draylen Mason was a child, a teenager, one who had a promising future as a musician, as we noted here. There were two instances in which we referred to him as a man. Both were later updated. I appreciate your raising this issue.  Treatment of White Suspects  He is not the victim! When a POC is the victim they are treated far worse than this godly boy whom we are lucky didnt kill more people with his bombs. Imagine if he was Muslim.  Tyrone Dockery When its a white kid, we are quick to throw out the misguided or severely disturbed or whatever linkage to their mental state  TBunkNasty Why are you bending over backwards to try and concoct an image of this evil, hateful killer? Asking neighbors, friends, family for their biased, inaccurate, or revisionist opinions of the killer and his motives does nothing except insult the good people he KILLED.  Bruce, Seattle  Marc Lacey, National Editor: I agree with readers on this point  that the only victims in this story are the ones Mark Conditt killed and injured. He is not a victim.  After such events, we journalists write profiles of the perpetrators of such attacks as we try to understand their backgrounds and what may have motivated them. Heres one such piece we did on Omar Mateen and another on Dylann Roof.  We wrote of Micah Johnson, who killed five police officers and wounded seven others in Dallas in 2016: There was a time when he was known as a well-mannered young man  a regular at his church and a pleasant presence on a tree-lined, suburban, multicultural street in a neighborhood called Camelot. He grew up to serve his country in Afghanistan. He was African-American.  When it comes to Mark Conditt, well continue reporting on what motivated these awful acts and well share what we find. I have not a twinge of sympathy for him, and readers are right that our coverage should not leave the impression he was victimized.  Language Used in a Tweet  Why did you highlight this bomber as nerdy and coming from a godly family in a tweet? Do these things make him less of a murderer? Do you see how this reads as, screams of white privilege.  Regina Reichert, Detroit  Cynthia Collins, Social Media Editor: As a practice, we use Twitter to highlight new details as they emerge on stories that are continuing to develop.  People had been actively seeking updates on the Austin investigation. Our article had just been updated to include interviews with the suspects neighbors. We tweeted quotes from one of these interviews to share another element of our emerging profile of the suspect.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  We continued to provide additional updates over the next few hours to this tweet in an effort to provide more context.  However, we quickly heard from disappointed readers who believed we painted an overly sympathetic picture of the suspect in this tweet. I share this belief.  We probably shouldnt have published a tweet describing how the suspects neighbors and peers viewed him without also providing the immediate and necessary contrast that he is suspected of killing Anthony Stephan House and Draylen Mason, and critically injuring others.  Treatment of Muslim Victims and Suspects  The social and mental state of the perpetrator are in fact important as they help to explain how someone who may seem as normal as you and I, would one day wake up and commit what we view as inexplicable acts. However, it defies all logic and rules out all objectivity to discard this side of the argument/narrative when you are dealing with a brainwashed, deranged Muslim radical. All terrorists are the same in my eye, and they should be in yours too.  Ramadan Duadu, Dublin  Anne Barnard, Beirut Bureau Chief: This too has its echo in the Middle East. We do try our best to delve into the stories, perspectives and contexts of both victims and perpetrators. Its not always possible, because of access issues. But at the same time, in the media in general there is a dynamic in which the more bombings happen in a place, the more they come to seem routine and not newsworthy, a thing that just happens over there (unless that place is the United States or Europe). This distorts the fact that the vast majority of victims of Islamist extremist violence are Muslims.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Race/Related Newsletter Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with a diverse group of New York Times journalists. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  The war in Syria now gets such little attention that people in the region often ask: Does the West think its O.K. for us to go through this? Do we not count as full humans?  After a spate of bombings in mostly Muslim countries around the world, I talked with Michel Kilo, a Syrian dissident, in Paris. He was leaning wearily over his coffee at a Left Bank cafe, wondering: Where was the global outrage?  Where was the outpouring that came after the same terrorist groups unleashed horror in Brussels and in Paris? In a supposedly globalized world, do nonwhites, non-Christians and non-Westerners count as fully human?  I believe one of our jobs as journalists is to demonstrate the common humanity of people whose lives may on the surface look very different from one another, to approach every human being as an individual and to treat every life as equally valuable and interesting. Its an ideal that we cant always live up to, but we must work toward especially as we attempt to reach an expanding and increasingly diverse global audience.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Covering Black Victims  Why did you wait so long  20 days and 10 days respectively  to publish profiles of the African-American victims of the bombings?  Joel Charny, Washington  Marc Lacey, National Editor: We published information on the victims in Austin as soon as we gathered it. The correspondents assigned to this story went more than once to the victims families to try to tell more complete stories about them.  In each case, the families were too traumatized, understandably, to let us in. We wrote what we could from the sidelines. We remain committed to pursuing this, because the story of such a loss is never over. Here is one piece on those who died.  Details of a Suspects Life  I realize that reporting on pieces like the March 22 A Bombers Rampage Exposes Racial Fault Lines article takes considerably more time than getting quotes from neighbors and classmates, but you MUST consider what good those easy quotes do. Do they tell us anything we need to know, or are you just trying to get anything out in order to take advantage of the news cycle?  Garrett Bridger Gilmore, Long Beach, Calif. I really dont care what the bombers hobbies were, or what his grandmother thought of him, or whether he was quiet. I want to know when and where he was radicalized. I want to know how he learned to make effective killing machines and how he was able to obtain parts and send the first few bombs practically undetected. If that information is still unavailable, perhaps run 100 percent fewer human interest stories on his childhood and wait, or better yet, investigate.  Anna Holmes, Seattle  Marc Lacey, National Editor: With an event of this magnitude, with consequences so horrific, The Times made the decision to give four correspondents in Austin and four others in New York one assignment: Find out anything possible about this perpetrator and help us understand how he could have committed these terrible acts.  We fanned out through his neighborhood, school, worksite and anywhere else we could identify, trying to talk to anyone we could find who knew him. We published everything we learned, as we learned it. A story that was sketchy at first was expanded as we went along, filling in new details as we learned them.  Were still working to understand this perpetrator, and as we learn more, well pass it along. I can assure you that there is no effort underway to portray him as anything other than what he is, a murderer.  Photo Selection  I have seen pictures of Mark Conditt with the blond hair he had at the time. And holding an assault rifle. Why hasnt that one been used?  David B. Owens, Chicago The photographs used to show suspects is one of the ways that can show racial bias. For example, even in this request for questions, a Facebook photo of Mark Conditt is used rather than an image from video surveillance. In comparison, it is common to see mug shots when discussing people of color. How does The Times evaluate photo choices and is this sort of racial bias specifically considered?  Alison, Apex, N.C.  Crista Chapman, National Photo Editor: The photo of the suspect that we published was the only one that was confirmed at the time by the wire services that we subscribe to. We were unable to independently confirm other photos that allegedly showed Mark Conditt holding an assault rifle, including the photo referenced by the reader.  There were also no police mug shots available of Mr. Conditt because he had not previously been arrested.  We did subsequently publish surveillance video screenshots of Mr. Conditt at the FedEx location when the photos were made available.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Staff Diversity  What is your plan to hire and promote more people of color and non-Christian reporters?  Emily Peterson, Oakland, Calif. What controls do you have in place to check for implicit bias? How many people of color do you have in supervisory/editorial positions?  Kate E, Central New York  Carolyn Ryan, Assistant Managing Editor: We have aggressively pushed to recruit more people of color, and last year, more than a third of our newsroom hires were people of color, and 60 percent were women. We have also introduced changes to our interview and hiring process to make sure we are selecting people from a diverse pool of candidates and using an interview process that has been developed to eliminate bias.  Weve also expanded our outreach to underrepresented groups, partnering with organizations dedicated to diversity in technology (e.g. Code2040), journalism (e.g. National Association of Black Journalists) and media (e.g. The Emma Bowen Foundation). And every year, we run a Student Journalism Institute that provides training for diverse groups of college students interested in pursuing a career in journalism.  Anne Barnard, Beirut Bureau Chief: As a foreign correspondent in the Middle East, I see firsthand how important it is that The Times continue to diversify its reporting and editing staff. We need to reflect not only the makeup of our core audience in the United States but also the communities we cover by including more people with the appropriate language skills and cultural literacy.  This is important for the accuracy, fairness and richness of our journalism. The same is true of the need to diversify people in the most powerful, decision-making positions at The Times.  Why Ask These Questions  Honestly to even ask this question [How do you see racial and religious bias playing out in news coverage?] is a farce as if you cannot see the writing on the wall. Black and Muslim people have said this for years. To ask this is like you have not been paying attention. How do we see it play out? Open your eyes.  Hannah Drake  Hanna Ingber, Reader Centers Editorial Director: Thank you for your comment. I see how it came across that way and do understand where youre coming from.  We invited readers to submit questions and comments because we want to be more transparent, and we believe its important to have an open conversation with our readers about these issues. We are listening to our readers feedback and concerns, and we want our audience to know that.  Additional Reader Points  In responding to the reader submissions, our journalists focused on questions related to our Austin coverage. But many of our readers posed important and thoughtful questions that went far beyond the Austin story. Questions touched on coverage of past news events by The Times, media coverage from various news organizations and even racial and religious discrimination in society as a whole.  While we dont have answers for many of these questions, they are worth all of us thinking about and keeping in our mind going forward. Here is a selection.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Its almost nonexistent for news media to use flattering images of people of color in crime reporting, even if that person is innocent or the victim.  R. A. Rodriguez  The coverage is ABSOLUTELY different for White Christian attackers. Had the Austin terrorist been Muslim, there would have been national hysteria. Its a double standard and must be called out every time.  Hesham Hassaballa, Chicago  Trayvon Martin was murdered by an over-excited wannabe security guard because he was black and walking through the neighborhood, but somehow the NYT had to tell us all that hed had trouble at school for pot. The photos of him that were posted werent the smiling, friendly sort, like the one posted of Mark Conditt, but was of him in a hoodie, trying to look tough.  Laura Kenney, Traverse City, Mich.  You literally have harder hitting profiles of black murder victims than of white Christian serial killers.  Dylan Brady, Eugene, Ore.  I often see coverage of violent criminals who are Muslim include reactions from the leader or members of their religious community. It is not often asked of Christian faith leaders how the sins of their congregant reflect on the congregation or Christians at large.  Angelo M. Pinto, Audubon, N.J.  Whenever any sort of mass murder is perpetuated by someone from the other category, the entire community is dragged onto the public forum with only one expectation  own it and repent. Nish Patel, Boston) = 1
(Ben Dobkin, then a junior at Princeton University, leading a prospective class on a tour of the Princeton campus. Laura Pedrick for The New York Times  Princetonians like to marry one another.  Although the university is coy about the exact number of Tiger-Tiger marriages, Princeton tour guides are often asked about matrimonial prospects, and sometimes include apocryphal statistics  50 percent! Maybe 75!  in their patter. With an insular campus social scene, annual reunions and a network of alumni organizations in most major cities, opportunities to find a special someone wearing orange and black are many.  People care about matrimony for good reason. Society has been profoundly shaped by what academics call assortative mating: the tendency of people to marry others resembling themselves. Educationally assortative mating rose for decades after World War II, as more people went to college and more good jobs were reserved for college graduates. Income inequality is now significantly driven by well-paid college graduates marrying one another, and by poorly paid high school dropouts doing the same.  But a recent analysis of education and economic mobility complicates this story. At Princeton, and in the American higher education system as a whole, there remains a strong correlation between marriage and economic class. Even for college graduates, where youre going depends a lot on where you came from.  Marriage rates at selected colleges for people born from 1980 to 1984  Schools added:  The data come from the Equality of Opportunity Project, which followed the economic and educational progress of Americans born between 1980 and 1991. For each year, researchers tracked who went to which college, how much money their parents made, and whether they were married in 2014.  Marriage rates for young adults just out of college are low across the board. But as people get into their 30s, trends diverge. For example, more than half of Princeton students born into upper-income households in the early 1980s  roughly, the classes of 2002 through 2006  were married by 2014. They didnt all marry other Princetonians, of course, but its common.  But for Princeton alumni from the lowest-income households  the bottom one-fifth compared with the top one-fifth  the trends are different. Only a third were married by 2014. This pattern holds for other elite colleges and universities. For people born over the five years from 1980 to 1984, the marriage rate for upper-income students who attended Ivy League institutions was 14 percentage points higher than the rate for lower-income students.  Alana Tornello, Princeton class of 2012, grew up in a working-class community on Staten Island. Her mother ran a small hair salon where Ms. Tornello spent her afternoons after school. Her father was a social worker. She tested into a specialized high school and applied to Princeton on a whim. When the acceptance letter arrived on April 1, she thought someone was pulling her leg.  Those doubts followed her onto campus, where she struggled academically her freshman year. The Princeton social scene revolves around eating clubs, to which people apply for membership, much like rushing a fraternity or sorority. The clubs, mostly housed in a row of imposing old mansions next to campus, are implicitly part of extensive social networks connected to exclusive private boarding schools and families with multiple generations of Princeton alumni. Eating clubs are where many upper-income marriages begin.  Ms. Tornello didnt feel at home there. And while Princeton gave her a generous scholarship, the eating clubs were still expensive. She decided to be an independent  the telling label for students who didnt eat at a club. If you were independent, she said, you were kind of seen as a lone dog.  The Ivies arent the only universities where students from different economic classes have very different experiences. In their 2013 book Paying for the Party: How College Maintains Inequality, the sociologists Elizabeth Armstrong and Laura Hamilton studied a group of women who started college in the same dormitory at Indiana University in 2004.  Five years later, none of the working-class students had graduated. By contrast, all of the affluent ones  even those who mostly neglected studying in favor of partying  graduated and found jobs. Armstrong noted, Since none of them had loans, they could afford to live on their own, and were positioned to meet and interact with men who were marriageable. The Indiana University system has a double-digit gap in the marriage rate between low-income and high-income students.  Class does not explain everything. As Robert Kelchen of Seton Hall University has found, geography, student demographics and other factors also influence marriage rates. Brigham Young University has one of the highest marriage rates in the nation, presumably because nearly all undergraduates are Mormons, who are encouraged to marry early.  There are also big differences even among colleges in similar strata of wealth and prestige. Princetons marriage gap for the classes of 2002 to 2006 was 22 percentage points. At the University of Chicago, it was only two percentage points.  Tiger-Tiger marriages are not uncommon. But for Princeton alumni of different economic classes, marriage trends diverge. Mark Makela for The New York Times  Ms. Tornello thought shed study something practical at Princeton, like engineering or pre-med. Instead, she fell in love with her humanities courses and majored in comparative literature. In her spare time, she became interested in faith-based organizing. After graduation and a short stint in Washington, D.C., she moved back to Staten Island to help with Hurricane Sandy relief efforts. Today, she lives with six housemates in Brooklyn and recently started work in emergency planning and operations for a city agency. There are a lot of other Princeton graduates nearby, many commuting to Wall Street. She leads a different kind of life.  Ms. Tornello has mixed feelings about the path she chose. You dont quite belong anymore to where youre from, she said. But I also didnt belong at Princeton. Theres a meaning in my life that I cant deny was created by my time there. I traveled the world from Princeton. Im not in a better place than my family financially, but I have something I wish they had, too.  Theres more to life than marrying and making money, as her example makes clear. But from a broad social and financial perspective, marriage matters: Growing income inequality is a central fault line in American society. Assortative mating might seem like a strange thing to blame, though. After all, in theory, everyone has a chance to go to college. By those lights, if people who work hard and become educated want to marry each other, thats just how things are.  In reality, access to higher education remains highly unequal. Elite colleges that recruit students with large amounts of social and financial capital get much more public funding than open-access schools that enroll a greater number of academically and economically diverse students. Rising tuition prices make it difficult for low-income students to enroll and graduate, and leave many with large debts. Inequality then becomes intergenerational.  Princeton has improved its economic inclusiveness in recent years. But historically, for every student enrolled at Princeton from households in the bottom 20 percent of income, the university has enrolled seven from the top 1 percent.) = 1
(Many of the conventional explanations have been shallow and unsatisfying. Its not the case, for instance, that the news media didnt cover President Trumps supporters or listen to their voices, or that reporters failed to visit the middle of the country. Scores of reporters have the datelines and airline receipts to prove it.  For me at least, the real problem of 2016 was a failure of imagination.  Much of campaign reporting is an exercise in imagination, informed by experience. You travel the country and talk to voters and activists and local officials, and you form a theory of what the electorate wants. You study public opinion and recent history to gauge which outcomes are possible and which are not. You meet candidates and size them up, on and off the record, assessing how knowledgeable, intellectually agile, and comfortable with criticism and combat they are.  And you ask yourself: Can I imagine this person scrapping their way through a debate? Or negotiating with hardheaded legislators? Or empathizing with constituents who dont look like them?  Sometimes you misread a person. In the winter after President Barack Obamas first election, I crossed paths with a member of the Republican National Committee who was fiercely supporting Michael Steeles bid for chairman. Over breakfast, he came across as a blunt, unsmiling party foot soldier. There was nothing, at the time, that suggested Mike Pompeo, the man sipping coffee, could be nominated for secretary of state inside of a decade.  But more often youre right. It turns out the easygoing Alabama trial lawyer with a heroic prosecutors story really did have a chance against the hard-right former judge with an attic full of unexamined skeletons. If Doug Jones was at a loss for words when he defeated Roy S. Moore, his victory came about much as Mr. Jones told me three months earlier he hoped that it would: through an energized Democratic base and mass defections among moderate Republicans appalled by Mr. Moore.  Along the way, from one campaign to the next, you build a set of instincts that guide your interpretation of events. If youre not careful, those instincts can harden into something more like rules  the kind that tell you a Mitt Romney-like governor is a strong candidate for president and a person who offends most Americans cannot win a general election.  In 2016, I paid too much attention to those rules  the ones formed by habit and social convention, about what candidates are allowed to say and which credentials theyre supposed to have  and too little to the rules regulating who gets to vote and whose votes matter the most. Reversing those priorities, I might have anticipated the historic gulf between the popular vote and the Electoral College that made Mr. Trump president.  Yet so far in 2018, it seems even the rules chiseled into law may not control events on Election Day. If a Pennsylvania congressional district drawn to favor Republicans by a landslide margin can elect a Democrat, even by a few hundred votes, then this environment of political turbulence could bend the midterm campaign in directions beyond imagining.) = 1
(After documenting life in impoverished communities in Mexico, the United States, and her home country, Spain, Anna Bosch needed a break from misery.  She found it in Beirut, Lebanon.  That may sound odd, given that the city has been wracked by decades of civil war and conflict with Israel that has claimed thousands of lives and uprooted over a million more. Indeed, in Spain, Ms. Bosch said, If you ask anyone what they know about Lebanon, they will say war, conflict and trouble.  She sought out a less obvious story: How do Beiruts elite live in a country thats constantly on the brink of collapse?) = 1
(We ripped the show completely apart from D.C., Mr. Nicholaw said.  Early on a snowy evening in the second week of previews, they straggled into a steakhouse down the block from the theater, ordered coffee like the night owls that they are and talked about bringing Mean Girls to Broadway. Here are edited excerpts from the conversation.  What are the pitfalls in adapting from screen to stage?  CASEY NICHOLAW The biggest mistake is when youre like, We have to give the fans everything they want. The fact that Tina didnt want to do that was a huge relief to me. All of us inherently know whats theatrical and what needs to be onstage.  JEFF RICHMOND The biggest laugh lines are not the ones from the movie.  TINA FEY Which makes sense, because laughs are usually generated by some element of surprise. Its hard to get a laugh on something people know is coming.  Photo  NELL BENJAMIN There are some people who are like, Is there going to be a song called Fetch? But if you think it through, how long do you want to sit in a song thats based on one really good joke?  RICHMOND We had a ridiculous idea for a moment where the entire curtain call was going to be a medley of the songs you thought would be in it, all the iconic moments. Like Fetch and On Wednesdays We Wear Pink and  whats the one about sluts?  FEY, NICHOLAW, BENJAMIN Boo, You Whore.  How do you make a musical that pits girls against girls at a time when the culture is more excited about female unity than weve ever seen?  FEY It is interesting. Since the film, we have ostensibly more female unity. But we also have trouble, right? We have white feminism and intersectional feminism. We have women not believing women. But it also does feel like the message of the show has expanded beyond just relational aggression among females, and its sort of about relational aggression, which has metastasized in many ways.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  BENJAMIN Its not just girls being mean to girls. Its whoevers on top thinking its O.K. to push downhill.  Right now, people are deeply impressed with the youth of America. Does that impact the show?  FEY It does. We talk about it. We have a new song at the top of the second act called Stop. Its sort of a comedic song about impulse control, and Nell and I are both so mindful about making sure that its not judging just girls for the choices they make. In some ways, it makes sense that our heroine by the end of the show is living her authentic life and being her best self  that she is teaching us.  The musical feels kinder than the movie.  FEY I think that partly is the form, because once you hear people sing, then youre in their hearts. I always felt empathy for Gretchen in the movie and for Cady, for all of them. But I think its because of music.  NICHOLAW It sweetens everything up whether you want it to or not.  BENJAMIN I cant not like a person Im going to write a song for.  NICHOLAW We try to make sure that we undercut the sweet as much as we can.  BENJAMIN And sneak the message in.  Photo  Does having kids, maybe daughters in particular, affect your writing at all?  FEY When I first got Rosalind to license the book to us, I sort of promised her that we would honor the intention, which was to be helpful. Weve carried that through.  BENJAMIN At 5, my daughter is already not on board for lectures. I have a lot that I want to say to her, but I cannot lecture her. In that respect its probably improved my writing, because Im like, how am I going to work around a 5-year-olds defenses? It better be funny.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  I wasnt thinking of the messaging so much as the tenderness of the show. It made me wonder if youre writing more tenderly.  RICHMOND I think maybe.  FEY A moment of the show that has finally come to work, something that we struggled with, was the way we use Mrs. George  just wanting to represent a mother and acknowledge that grown women are judgmental of each other, too, and that we as the audience look at this character in the first act like: Oh, shes a clown. And just wanting to find a way to empathize with her. That was important to me especially, and that is, yes, probably because I am a mother now, and when I wrote the movie I was not.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Theres a poster outside the theater with photos of your little awkward-slash-adorable adolescent selves. Nerds are very dear to the shows heart, it seems.  FEY Its brought me so much joy, how much audiences have responded to the mathletes segment. I think embracing nerdery is what Cady does in a way. She embraces a part of herself that is not perceived to be cool. Thats at the core of the story.  RICHMOND Rooting for the underdogs.  FEY With the exception of Regina, every other character believes themselves to be an underdog in some way.  NICHOLAW Everyone can relate to that, especially in high school. How I coped was doing musicals. I was a gay kid that couldnt come out because it was 1979, and I didnt fit in anywhere and I didnt like sports and I was called all kinds of things. So I found theater, and I found where I did belong.  Damian is like a valentine to every drama nerd who ever was.  RICHMOND Yeah. Theres this meta thing going on, too, because in the movie, you dont get to see Damian actually in that world. You know he cares about it, but now you see the Damian within a musical theater structure who loves musical theater.  Photo  BENJAMIN And makes it happen wherever he goes.  What difference to your writing comes from having the audience in the room with you?  FEY Its super helpful. You can take your own sense of humor as a guide for only so long, and then youve got to get it up in front of an audience. This is so much more alive, to have the chance every night to adjust things.  RICHMOND Its also so much more rewarding. When youre doing television, you dont see the people who are enjoying your thing. I find myself spending so much time watching people in the audience.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  NICHOLAW I spend a lot of time deciding if Im going to tell that person to stop crinkling their wrapper.  RICHMOND Thats why TV is better.  Tina, youre the Broadway newbie. After Mean Girls, will theater see more of you?  FEY I would love to. Maybe we have to come up with something wholly original. But this process has been a joy. I know enough, just peripherally, to know that it could have been a bad arranged marriage, so I feel really very lucky.) = 1
(I dont remember such bad shape of our relations, Anatoly Antonov, the Russian ambassador to Washington, told NBCs Today show. There is a great mistrust between the United States and Russia.  Since his arrival last year in Washington, Mr. Antonov said he had invited American officials to his residence only to be repeatedly rebuffed. If they are scared, I said, Come on, we can meet in a restaurant and to discuss all outstanding issues, he said. It was four or five months ago. And I got answer: silent.  American officials said a shift in the administrations approach has been building for weeks. Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson, whose last official day on the job is Saturday, had come to the conclusion before Mr. Trump fired him this month that a year of attempting to cooperate had not yielded much success, according to people familiar with his thinking. As a result, they said, Mr. Tillerson had begun mapping out a tougher policy toward Russia and found agreement in the White House.  The administration began taking a more robust approach, publicly blaming Russia for a devastating attack on computers in Ukraine and elsewhere, accusing Moscow of trying to break into the United States power grid and imposing sanctions in retaliation for Russias interference in the 2016 presidential election in the United States.  Photo  Mr. Tillersons feelings were hardened further by a conversation with Boris Johnson, the British foreign secretary who described to him the nerve agent attack on a former Russian spy, Sergei V. Skripal, and his daughter living in Britain. Even in the hours before his dismissal by Mr. Trump, Mr. Tillerson spoke out in stronger terms than the president in condemning the poisoning.  While Mr. Tillerson is on the way out, his designated successor, Mike Pompeo, and the incoming national security adviser, John R. Bolton, are both considered even more hawkish on Russia.  At the same time, some officials at the Pentagon have expressed caution about the escalating conflict with Russia, citing consequences in Syria, where the United States and Russia have both conducted military operations.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The Trump administration expelled 60 Russian diplomats and intelligence officers and closed the Russian Consulate in Seattle this week as part of a wider international retaliation for the poisoning of Mr. Skripal. Russia responded Thursday by ordering out 60 Americans and closing the consulate in St. Petersburg.  The scope of Russias retaliation grew clearer on Friday as the Kremlin summoned 23 ambassadors from other countries to evict some of their diplomats. On Saturday, the Tass news agency reported that Moscow had informed Britain it must send home a total of more than 50 diplomats. Russia had already announced the expulsion of 23 Britons.  Mr. Trump has remained publicly silent amid the dramatic rounds of diplomatic retaliation, leaving it to others to condemn Moscow. Frustrated by the investigation of the special counsel, Robert S. Mueller III, into whether his campaign cooperated with Russia in 2016, a scenario he dismissed as a hoax, Mr. Trump recently called Mr. Putin to congratulate him on his victory in a re-election widely dismissed as a sham.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Mr. Trump made no mention of the poisoning of Mr. Skripal during the call but instead suggested that he wanted to schedule a summit meeting with the Russian president.  Both countries still have ambassadors in place, so high-level contact on potentially calamitous matters should continue, as it did at the height of the Cuban missile crisis. But the wheels of basic diplomacy, involving visas, consular services, cultural events and simply talking to people, are grinding ever more slowly and, in some cases, coming to a halt.  The parties lose some of their eyes and ears, so the quality of the reporting goes down, said Charles A. Kupchan, who was the Europe director of the National Security Council under President Barack Obama. Its not just intelligence but day-to-day political and economic reporting: Whats the buzz in the street, what do interlocutors say? And consular services do get hit.  Photo  The expulsions left many diplomats wondering how the American Embassy in Moscow could operate. Much of the burden will fall on the ambassador, Jon M. Huntsman Jr., who took over an embassy already struggling to function after an order by the Kremlin last summer that it dispense with 755 employees in response to sweeping American sanctions for Russias election meddling.    The embassy is struggling to do basic operations. This latest round will hurt, said Michael A. McFaul, who served as ambassador in Moscow from 2012 to 2014. Morale, of course, is also very low.  Even before this weeks expulsions, the wait in Moscow to obtain a visitors visa to the United States was among the longest in the world. It now takes 250 days just to get an appointment with the visa section, compared with four in Beijing and 31 in New Delhi.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  An American spokesman told Russian news media this week that the embassy had been placed under significant constraints by the Foreign Ministry and could not accommodate all their many requests at all times, particularly for large groups.  Simon Schuchat, a former diplomat at the embassy in the Moscow, recalled how haphazard and unnerving it was when Russia began the process of ousting alleged spies during a round of expulsions in 2001. Inevitably, Moscow ordered out diplomats unconnected to espionage.  They tended to go for people with better language skills, Mr. Schuchat said, adding that they missed many spies and included many non-spies.  This time around, intelligence officers working under official cover as diplomats were especially targeted, but some American officials played down the impact, saying the United States still came out ahead in the expulsions.  Thats to our benefit, Dan Coats, the director of national intelligence, said at a seminar on Thursday in Austin, Tex. There are a lot more Russians in America than Americans in Russia in the intelligence agencies.  On Friday, Russias Foreign Ministry accused the agencies overseen by Mr. Coats of exploiting the situation by approaching Russian diplomats leaving the United States to offer assistance in exchange for entering into covert relations on behalf of the American government.  The ploy is not working, the ministry said in a statement, but their behavior is cynical and distasteful, as if Washington has stepped completely beyond the bounds of common decency.) = 1
(Meryl Meisler arrived in New York in 1975, when she was on the cusp of turning 24 and the city was on the brink of bankruptcy. Times Square had yet to be tamed, streets were dirty and all the federal government could do when asked for help was to tell the city  in the memorable formation of The New York Daily News  Drop dead.  Ms. Meisler loved it.  I felt like I belonged, she said. I wasnt sure what I wanted to do, even though I had a teaching degree. Maybe because the city itself was out of joint. I had just come out as a lesbian, but I felt like I belonged here. I felt safe.) = 1
(In her 48-page opinion, Judge Caproni also waved aside Exxons references to Republican attorneys general and members of Congress who attacked the Schneiderman and Healey investigations. If such statements could be considered as evidence worthy of being weighed, she wrote, law enforcement at the state level will be drawn to a screeching halt by what amounts to a hecklers veto.  A spokesman for Exxon, Scott J. Silvestri, said the company officials are reviewing the judges decision and are evaluating our next steps. He went on to note, We believe the risk of climate change is real and we want to be part of the solution.  For many years, however, Exxon attempted to cast doubt on climate science, funding organizations that argued that the science was far less certain than it actually was, even as the company had amassed its own research that pointed to the severity of the problem.  Mr. Schneiderman has said that while his office has examined the past actions, his investigation has focused on more recent statements by Exxon about climate change and what it means for the companys future.  As for Exxons argument that investigators were seeking to violate the companys rights to freedom of speech, Mr. Schneiderman has repeatedly stated, The First Amendment doesnt protect you for fraud.  Mr. Schneiderman said he was pleased by the judges decision to dismiss what he called Exxons frivolous, nonsensical lawsuit. He pledged that his investigation would continue.  Ms. Healey said the decision was a turning point in our investigation and a victory for the people. Calling Exxons case a scorched-earth campaign to avoid answering our basic questions about the companys awareness of climate change, she said, Exxons customers and investors deserve answers from the company about what it has known about the impact of burning fossil fuels, and whether it hid this information from the public.  As for the activists drawn into the case, Lee Wasserman, director of the Rockefeller Family Fund, said: The judges decision underscores that officials working to hold companies accountable for deceiving the public, and citizens working to address the catastrophic climate change Exxon helped cause, is not a conspiracy. Its an activity as American as baseball, motherhood and apple pie.) = 1
(Integration has also fallen out of favor because many of its practices fail to adequately consider the needs of black communities. For example, scores of black teachers were fired in the wake of Brown v. Board because some white administrators refused to allow black people to teach white students. This segregated teachers, and it cut off a pathway to a good career and the middle class.  In addition, poorly designed school-desegregation policies have scarred black students by focusing too narrowly on removing legal barriers to integration rather than creating inclusive school environments that value the abilities and dignity of all children. As a result, new discriminatory policies that cater to white parents, like tracking, as well as other policies that target black kids for punishment, have emerged in schools that are supposedly integrated.  And so, school segregation endures. We can see its impact in poor academic and life outcomes and in the overlooked harms to white students who miss the chance to learn from and among black and Latino children. Its also a major driver of inequity in metropolitan areas dominated by racial divides. Segregation often undermines property wealth in black and Latino communities because of the close relationship between the demand for housing and the perceived quality of local schools. This has the effect of limiting the pool of available tax revenue for funding local school districts.  Today, most people have come to assume that de facto segregation is just the way things are and that our society is destined to remain deeply divided by race and class  forever separate and unequal.  But integration is possible. Lawmakers should redraw school district boundaries to include more diverse populations. They must end laws that require students to attend school where they live and instead work to create schools that bring together students from different neighborhoods and class backgrounds. They should also promote housing and land-use policies that eliminate residential segregation.  Integration would strengthen public schools. And it would move this country much closer to the democratic ideals that Linda Brown and so many others like her sought to achieve.) = 1
(Racially speaking, the United States is zero percent Hispanic. This is confusing  especially for Americas nearly 58 million Hispanics.  The United States census breaks our country into six general racial categories: White; Black; Asian; Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander; American Indian or Alaska Native; and Some Other Race. Hispanic, Latino or Spanish origin is treated not as a race but as an ethnicity  a question asked separately. So someone may be White (Hispanic) or Black (Hispanic) but not simply Hispanic. As a result, many Hispanics check White or, increasingly, Some Other Race. This ill-defined category is what mixed-race Americans, like me  half Burmese, half Luxembourgian-Irish  often check. It might just as well be called Generally Brown. Today, the third-largest racial group in America is Some Other Race  and it is made up overwhelmingly of Hispanics.  Equally obscured are Americas estimated 3.7 million residents of Arab descent. With neither a racial nor an ethnic category to call their own, they most often opt for a racial designation of White. But to count Yemenis and Syrians as generically white is a complicated proposition these days, when whiteness confers power, and men and women from the Arab world are instead the subjects of travel bans and national security debates.  Nearly four years ago, the Census Bureau began researching how to more accurately represent these populations and decided to combine the race and ethnicity questions into one, and to add two new categories: one for residents of Middle Eastern/North African origin and one for those of Hispanic origin. Many advocates within those groups celebrated the reforms, and the broad expectation was that the next census, in 2020, would incorporate these changes. After all, the bureau itself concluded that they were necessary to produce the highest quality statistics about our nations diverse population.) = 1
(The citys education department comes to him for the data it uses to redraw school zones, he said, as does the health department when it needs to understand illness rates. Businesses use federal information to determine whether to open in underserved neighborhoods.  There are now 3.2 million foreign-born people in New York City, out of 8.6 million residents. Of those foreign-born, 46 percent are noncitizens, Mr. Salvo said. Mr. Salvo estimates that 500,000 are undocumented.  Those immigrants are side by side with children who are citizens, with an uncle who is a legal permanent resident, with the cousin who is undocumented. All of those people are afraid, Mr. Salvo said.  The Trump administration said on Monday that the question on citizenship would be added to the census, saying it would enable the Justice Department to accurately measure the portion of the population eligible to vote.  On Wednesday, the New York Immigration Coalition, an activist group, announced its New York Counts 2020 campaign alongside congressional and local elected officials. The effort has three prongs: to fight the question; to pressure the United States Census Bureau to protect the information of all New Yorkers; and to reassure residents that they can safely respond.  At the news conference, Nydia Velzquez, a Democrat representing Queens, Brooklyn and Lower Manhattan, said she is co-sponsoring legislation in the House of Representatives that will require the Commerce Department to provide advance notice to Congress before changing questions on the census. Representative Grace Meng, a Democrat from Queens who sits on the committee that funds the census bureau, said she and her colleagues are considering withholding funds for 2019 unless the question is removed.  In a public hearing last week before the question was added, Ms. Meng confronted the Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross, whose department oversees the U.S. Census Bureau. I told him directly that this is about accuracy; this is mandated by the Constitution to count every living person.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said that he would join the multistate lawsuit brought by the states attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, against the Trump administration, to try to block the question from being included.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  In the last census count, in 2010, the citys response rate was 62 percent, but some heavily immigrant communities, like Washington Heights and the South Bronx, exceeded that, with more than 70 percent of residents answering the census questionnaires.  Adriano Espaillat, a Democrat who in 2010 was representing Washington Heights and Harlem in the State Assembly, said that was in part because of a robust effort by volunteers to convince residents their participation counted. Mr. Espaillat, who is now in Congress, said he could not yet encourage undocumented residents to take part.  I want to fight this question back, first, he said. If not in Congress, then in the courts. If at the end of this the question remains, then were going to have to come together to decide the messaging.  New York Democrats in Congress worry that an undercount could cause the state to lose seats. After the 2010 census, which the city challenged because it claimed that 50,000 residents were not counted, New York forfeited two seats, in part because of a loss of population upstate. That trend could hold for 2020.  Andrew Reamer, a professor at George Washington Universitys Institute of Public Policy, who recently published a study on the 2020 census, said that the census reaches the most fundamental areas of life in the United States: government representation, democracy and the economy.  The census data is like the electrical system, Professor Reamer said. It reaches everywhere in ways that are not readily seen.  For New York, inaccurate numbers could have effects as small as a serving at lunch. The Asian-American community is the fastest growing senior population in the city, said Howard Shih, the director of research and policy for the Asian-American Federation in New York. Census figures, he said, could determine something as mundane, but essential, as how much food a senior center would need to order to accommodate this population.  The data compiled once a decade serves as the basis of comparison for smaller, sample surveys compiled annually.  Anything that affects the propensity of people to answer the census is of concern to us, said Mr. Salvo, the demographer. The Census Bureaus first priority should always be maximum response. Anything they do to compromise that, frankly, works against their main mission.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The Census Bureau, he said, creates reality.) = 1
(The Commerce Department announced on Monday that a question about American citizenship will be added to the 2020 census, a politically charged request from the Trump administration that many officials feared would result in a substantial undercount and faulty data.  Critics of the change argue that amid a divisive national debate on immigration, many immigrants would be reluctant to return their census questionnaires, resulting in an undercount.  At least a dozen states signaled Tuesday that they would sue the administration to block the change to the census, arguing that the change would violate the Constitution. Census data is important not just for redrawing political boundaries, but also for allocating billions of dollars of federal funding to the states.) = 1
(The prospect has caused a geyser of candidates: As of Tuesday, 58 Democrats and 35 Republicans were seeking House seats, according to the Department of State.  Behind the altered political terrain are two restive groups of voters. College-educated suburbanites outside Philadelphia are angry at Mr. Trump and in a mood to send him a message. And blue-collar voters in western Pennsylvania are suddenly up for grabs, after they turned out strongly in the special election this month to elect a moderate young Democrat, Conor Lamb, over a Republican who ran as a wingman to the president.  In the Philadelphia suburbs, three Republican incumbents who have seen the writing on the wall are retiring, and a fourth is stepping down after a sexual harassment scandal. The latest to retire is Representative Ryan Costello, who announced his decision over the weekend, citing the difficulty of being heard over the cacophony from the White House.  The shifts outside Philadelphia mirror changes in suburbs around the country, as Mr. Trumps policies and behavior have pushed away college-educated voters. The Pew Research Center reported this week that more voters with a four-year college degree now identify as Democrats or lean Democratic  54 percent  than at any time since 1994.  Philadelphias suburbs were once so reliably Republican that Ronald Reagans cabinet included three residents of Montgomery County alone. But the regions allegiance began to shift as well-educated and culturally liberal voters came to predominate in the suburbs in the 1990s.  The tide was held back in the last decade by gerrymandered congressional districts drawn by Republicans to protect their candidates. But that map was thrown out by the state court in January, and Republicans lost appeals to have the United States Supreme Court intervene. The state's new districts hew more compactly to county and town boundaries.  Two nonpartisan handicappers of House races, the Cook Political Report and Sabatos Crystal Ball, now rate four Republican-held seats in the Philadelphia suburbs as either solidly Democratic, likely to fall into the partys hands, or leaning that way. The chairman of the Pennsylvania Republican Party, Val DiGiorgio, declined to comment.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  This is a big wave coming our way, said Representative Charlie Dent, a Republican from the Lehigh Valley north of Philadelphia, who is not running for re-election. Id get off the beach.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Mr. Dent, whose seat is a potential Democratic pickup, predicted that the midterm elections will be a referendum on Mr. Trumps conduct. Whats hampering us is this never-ending drama and chaos that seems to emanate from the White House, Mr. Dent said.  A fifth seat in the Philadelphia suburbs, based in Bucks County, is held by Representative Brian Fitzpatrick, a Republican whose new district voted narrowly for Hillary Clinton in 2016. Mr. Fitzpatrick has a record of attracting crossover votes from Democrats and enjoys the advantages of incumbency but is in his first term. If youre going to get incumbents, you typically knock them off in their first term, Mr. Gerow said.  At the other end of the state, Mr. Lamb, a former Marine and prosecutor, is running his second race of the year, this time in a new district against an incumbent, Representative Keith Rothfus, a Republican who was once paired by a political blog in a celebrity look-alike feature with the cartoon character Milhouse.  The new district, the 17th, is more evenly balanced in its partisan leanings than the former 18th District, where Mr. Lamb won his upset victory in part by reawakening dormant Democratic DNA in white working-class voters who had supported Mr. Trump.  Mr. Rothfus, by contrast, is several clicks to the right of his new district, according to one Republican official who spoke on condition of anonymity to candidly assess the race.  Another Republican who was shifted to a more competitive district is Representative Scott Perry, who represents Harrisburg and York in central Pennsylvania. Mr. Perry is the only member of the far-right Freedom Caucus in the states Congressional delegation. Mr. Trump won his old district by 21 percentage points; the new map places him in territory the president carried by only nine.  Five Democrats are seeking their partys nomination to run against Mr. Perry. Republicans predominate in the new district, but one strategist called them softer Republicans, many of them employed by state government. Mr. Perry may be out of step with many of his new constituents.  G. Terry Madonna, a political scientist at Franklin & Marshall College in Lancaster, Pa., said Democrats have the popular wind at their backs. In a poll of Pennsylvania voters he released on Thursday, 53 percent who are very interested in the election said they would vote for a Democratic House candidate, against 30 percent who planned to vote Republican. And Mr. Trumps job approval rating in Pennsylvania is just 30 percent in the new poll.  Were seven months out, but it looks like therell be a Democratic wave, Mr. Madonna said. The question, he said, is whether it will be modest or boat-swamping.) = 1
(In fighting Mr. Nikulins extradition to the United States, his lawyer had argued that the case against him was politically motivated. The Russian government argued separately that it had jurisdiction in the case after a Moscow court issued an arrest warrant for Mr. Nikulin in November 2016 in the 2009 theft of $3,450 via a website called WebMoney.  More broadly, the Kremlin claims that the United States has unfairly targeted Russians around the world for political purposes. The Russian ambassador in Prague has said the case against Mr. Nikulin was an effort to extend the jurisprudence of American law to the territory of third countries.  This year, Spain extradited to the United States two Russians suspected of hacking. Another Russian, Aleksandr V. Vinnik, is being held in Greece pending extradition requests from Washington and Moscow.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Mr. Nikulins extradition was ordered by the Czech Ministry of Justice on Thursday.  The charges were laid out in an indictment unsealed after he was arrested. He is accused of hacking into the computer networks at LinkedIn, Dropbox and Formspring; damaging computers used by LinkedIn and Formspring employees; and using their credentials for further intrusions.  The charges include three counts of computer intrusion, two counts of causing damage to a protected computer, two counts of aggravated identity theft, one count of trafficking and one count of conspiracy. If convicted, Mr. Nikulin could be sentenced to more than 30 years in prison and fined more than $1 million.  Mr. Nikulins arrest and court filings related to the case offered an early look into the shadowy world of Russian hacking. The American authorities say Russian hackers are able to act with impunity as long as they do not choose targets within their own country.  The competing extradition claims by the United States and Russia caused a schism in the Czech government. President Milos Zeman, who has openly courted President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, pressed the Kremlins case. Andrej Babis, the acting prime minister, whose affinities lean more toward the West and NATO, said publicly that Mr. Nikulin should be sent to the United States.  On a visit to Prague this week, Paul D. Ryan, the House speaker, argued that we have every reason to believe and expect that Mr. Nikulin will be extradited to America.  The United States has the case to prevail on having him extradited, whether its the severity of the crime, which is clearly on the side of U.S., or the timing of the request for the extradition, Mr. Ryan told reporters on Tuesday.) = 1
(Our matriarch was reticent in discussing her husband, especially his activities before the war and his time in prison. As a pesky 9-year-old, I once asked her why hed gone to jail, but she pretended not to hear. Her silence was understandable: That time was a tender nexus of old hurt; after his prison sentence, the Communist regime forced her to file for divorce, threatening to blacklist her children if she refused.  The little information I could gather about my great-grandfather came from my grandmother, who predictably whitewashed the particulars of his imprisonment. When I was a boy, she told me hed been sent to the camp simply because a snitch had overheard him disparaging Communism in the restaurant he owned.  This set him up in my mind as a heroic insurgent. But when I turned 14, the story was drastically revised. He was imprisoned not for righteous opposition but for his allegiance to the Iron Guard. He gave them money before the war, my grandmother told me then. That was the extent of it. When I pressed for more details  including the depth of his anti-Semitism  she couldnt say: I was a child. What did I know? This is a familial refrain: No one knows, no one remembers.  But the crimes of the Iron Guard are well documented. Their place in Holocaust history is cemented by the Legionnaires revolt in January 1941. Caught in a power struggle with the government, the group organized a militarized uprising in an effort to reclaim control, including a pogrom. Over three days of terror in Bucharest, the Iron Guard looted Jewish shops, set fire to synagogues and randomly seized Jews and dragged them to the snow-draped Jilava forest, where they were shot.  The most sadistic episode occurred in a slaughterhouse. Some 60 Jews were taken to the abattoir and, according to the American ambassador Franklin Mott Gunther  who toured the slaughterhouse shortly after the revolt was suppressed  hanged from meat hooks and skinned alive. The bodies were labeled kosher meat. One of the victims was a 5-year-old girl.  Romanias involvement in the Holocaust extends far beyond this episode (the Iasi pogrom of 1941 claimed at least 13,000 lives, and under Marshal Ion Antonescus watch countless Jewish families were sent to die in the labor camps of Transnistria). But the events in Bucharest stand out in the nations long litany of Holocaust offenses.  I cannot say where my ancestor fits into all of this. My great-grandfathers liability remains forever nebulous. Even if his input was strictly monetary, those nights of bloodletting embody the bitter fruits of his contribution. Such ghoulish affairs should never slip into forgetfulness, but in our family they do. For the sake of cohesion, its better not to poke around.) = 1
(Yet many Puerto Ricans fled with plans to return. For them, the leap north was a respite from the immediate chaos after the hurricane: the lack of electricity, unreliable hospitals and long lines for gas and food. It is too early to determine how many may return, but there is little doubt that Puerto Ricans have begun trickling back to the island.  For many, it is a joyous return to the motherland after months in exile. But the homecoming is still bittersweet. Those returning must come to terms with an island that is still crippled, where power outages are frequent, businesses remain shuttered and hillsides are pocked with blue roof tarps.  Older people like Enrique and Emma are especially vulnerable to this instability. More than 23 percent of the population in Puerto Rico is over 60, higher than anywhere else in Latin America. And that number is growing as young people abandon the island and leave elders to fend for themselves.  By returning, Enrique and Emma were taking a precarious leap of faith, given their age and fragile health. They were trading away access to world-class medical care in New York City for the unpredictable conditions on an island they yearned for even though it was ill-equipped to tend to their needs.) = 1
(SYDNEY, Australia  As a teenager in St. James Parish, Barbados, Paul Carmichael spent his free time writing letters to New York City restaurants. He had been dreaming of a cooking career in America ever since a home economics teacher, sensing talent, suggested he consider attending the Culinary Institute of America. At 15, Mr. Carmichael sent away for a Zagat Guide and began writing to the top-rated restaurants, asking for work. (Lespinasse was the only one to reply.)  Mr. Carmichaels father had spent hard years working as a butler and bartender, and did not see it as a desirable path. He sought to break his sons romantic notions by getting him an unpaid job at a local restaurant. The plan backfired  Mr. Carmichael became hooked.  When he made it to the Culinary Institute, his final thesis focused on Caribbean food. Then in his early 20s, he drew connections between slavery and colonialism and sustenance.  He studied the ways in which food was often one of the only aspects of African culture that maintained an unbroken thread through generations, as language and religion and family were purposefully and systematically stripped from enslaved people. He dug into the history of certain dishes, tracing the heritage of flavors and the people who brought them to the Caribbean, and focused on how those flavors were melded and reshaped by new ingredients and new generations of cooks.) = 1
(The scenes in many of Oliver Claspers photographs are utterly mundane, bereft of any dazzling camera tricks or rich colors. They are quiet, almost too much so. But once you learn what happened in these scenes from small towns, big cities or verdant fields, their almost unemotional first impression gives way to horror: Someone was lynched there.  Starting in 2016, Mr. Clasper traveled through the United States seeking the sites of lynchings. He wanted to show how places that call no attention to themselves were the sites of hangings, slashings or execution by gunfire. In the course of covering 24 sites, they span 150 years, right up to the present century, and range from the American south to New York City.  From my perspective, I take it back to 1903, when the American scholar and activist W.E.B. Du Bois said the problem of the 20th century is the problem of the color line, Mr. Clasper said. It seems to me not a lot has changed despite significant advances. There has been barely a year or generation that has passed where racism and violence have not been at the forefront of the American experience.  As the London-born son of a British mother and American father, Mr. Clasper said he had a deep spiritual connection to the American landscape. In this series  titled The Spaces We Inherit  he hopes to gently confront viewers in a way that eschews graphic images of violence.) = 1
(PYEONGCHANG, South Korea  After parking his car at the Paralympics Alpine skiing venue, Chang W. Lee climbed 40 steep steps, scaled a hill with an imposing gradual incline, passed through security, climbed some more steps, walked up another hill, climbed two more sets of metal steps labeled Caution: Slippery Surface, trudged across a flat expanse of snow, scaled another small hill to ride a chair lift, climbed still more slippery steps, trudged across more snow and then finally lumbered down a ramp.  That was just to get to the media center.  To reach his position on the mountain, he had to take a gondola further up the course. Throughout the whole trek, he lugged 50 pounds of gear.  A lot of times, I said, Why am I doing this? I could go easy, Mr. Lee said, laughing. But Ill be here only once, and every second counts, every moment counts.) = 1
(One of the first people to whom I reached out was Ashley Yates. I had developed a relationship with her since her days as an activist in Ferguson, Mo., after the police killing of Michael Brown. Ms. Yates didnt hold back with me: She has already been open on social media about her struggles within the movement and had a very public falling out with its leaders.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Race/Related Newsletter Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with a diverse group of New York Times journalists. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Ms. Yates had also written about how she was affected by the hospitalization of Erica Garner, the 27-year-old daughter of Eric Garner. Ms. Garner had a heart attack last year and later died; while she was in a coma, Ms. Yates shared an image on Instagram of a text message exchange in which Ms. Yates encouraged Ms. Garner to not be bothered by people talking negatively about her on social media.  I have to make clear just how invisible some of the most heinous violence we experience is, Ms. Yates wrote in the Instagram post in December. How we are often left alone on the front lines grown cold because media and figureheads move on to the next hot story.  I asked Ms. Yates, who moved to Oakland a couple of years back to work as an activist full time, if she ever had the urge to just say forget it, and take her college degree and go into a traditional profession. Of course she did, she told me, especially when you see someone dropping dead at 27 of a heart attack.  Its absolutely scary, said Ms. Yates, 32. Its enough to make you want to quit.  But more than just reflecting on the difficulties of activism and the trauma that comes with it, Ms. Yates ventured into another area that I had not thought about: self-care.  As it turns out, taking care of yourself is a big issue in the present movement, unlike in times past. There are trained healers in communities who run workshops and do private counseling for activists. Ms. Yates started seeing a therapist about a year ago. She also talked about the things that seem small but can make a big difference for her: going to the ocean, putting her toes in sand, remembering to eat, taking time to talk with her friends about things that have nothing to do with activism. Some of these might seem obvious, but for those immersed in the work, thats not always the case.  As one reader commented on the story, young activists should temper their expectations for immediate results and put their personal health first in order to reduce their toxic levels of stress.  Because, he added, stress can kill; emotionally and spiritually, as well as physically.) = 1
(His brown eyes sunken and flat, Jahangir Baroch had spent another sleepless night in the metal container on the Greek island of Lesbos where he has lived for more than a year.  There was no electricity in the container last night, Mr. Baroch, 26, said desperately, at a center for refugees, away from the holding camp in Moria, where he is housed. It was like a fridge.  I want to go to Athens, said Mr. Baroch, who came from Baluchistan, an embattled province in Pakistan. If you dont want me, I want to go to another country.  Why am I here? he asked, somberly.  Others are asking the same question two years after the European Union struck a deal with Turkey aimed at cutting off the route across the Aegean Sea for asylum seekers, many propelled by wars in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan.  Since then, thousands have remained stranded on Lesbos, unwilling to go back to the countries they left, unable to move forward, toward the opportunity they had hoped to find in Europe. Though the numbers are fewer, they keep coming.  The lucky ones, whose asylum applications are accepted, are eventually shipped to the Greek mainland. Those whose applications are rejected (they can apply twice) are sent back to Turkey as part of the deal with the European Union.  But neither country, it seems, has much motivation to accept them. The Greek authorities sift their cases slowly, for months at a time, as the asylum seekers live in limbo, trapped in conditions so deplorable Pope Francis likened them to a concentration camp.  The scale of the migration crisis that brought them to Lesbos can be measured in piles of discarded life vests that still blight the island. But increasingly it is tallied in despair.) = 1
(Three images will rotate through each billboard. One points people to Ms. Sullivans website, and says, across a picture of a man with a question mark over his chest, the truth will be revealed. Another is a picture of Ms. Sullivan and says: My rapist is protected by New York state law. I am not. Neither are you. Neither are your children.  Ms. Sullivan said the original design included Mr. Sargents name and face, but that the company that owns the billboards would not allow her to use them, for fear of getting sued. Two billboard companies said they would not work with her at all.  The three billboards will be up for 28 days, Ms. Sullivan said, which will cost her $14,000. (She spent about another $2,000 on the website.) Once the billboards come down, Mr. Sargents name and photograph will appear on her website.  Photo  Mr. Sargent did not respond to requests for comment.  In a statement, Emma Willard said, We commend and support the survivors of sexual abuse who are committed to affecting change on this important issue.  The third graphic that will rotate through the billboards says NY Pass The Child Victims Act, a piece of proposed legislation in Albany that would give victims until age 28 to file criminal charges and allow them to sue until age 50. It would also create a one-year lookback window, during which cases from any time could proceed in court. Today, the statutes of limitations in New York that govern the sexual abuse of children are among the most restrictive in the country. Most adult survivors had until they were 23 years old, at the latest, to bring a case.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Activist groups have been pushing the Child Victims Act in Albany for more than 10 years, and have made an especially aggressive effort this year, targeting specific state senators. Ms. Sullivan moved to New York City last month from her home in Florida to help lobby for the measure.  Supporters are trying to make the act part of the state budget, which is due April 1  a tactic that would give Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, who supports the bill, more leverage to negotiate with legislators. The Child Victims Act has support from the State Assembly, which is controlled by Democrats, but there is resistance to it in the Republican-controlled State Senate, which has blocked the bill for years. John J. Flanagan, the Senate majority leader, did not respond to questions about the legislation.  A central sticking point is the lookback window. Cardinal Timothy M. Dolan, the archbishop of New York, said on Tuesday that any legislation that included it should be rejected and called the window toxic for the Catholic Church. Representatives of the church have said it supports changing the statute of limitations, but fears a flurry of lawsuits and the financial hit a lookback window might deliver.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  But proponents of the legislation have said that hasnt happened in states that have enacted similar legislation, and they call the window crucial. In addition to providing victims their day in court, they said the window serves a public-safety function by flushing out suspected abusers who are still in the community.  The lookback window will help identify abusers, many of whom still have contact with kids, said State Senator Brad Hoylman, Democrat of Manhattan, who sponsored the bill in the Senate. New York has among the worst laws in the country on child sexual abuse. We are an outlier, so this fix is a long time coming.  The billboards strategy was used by activists in London pushing for arrests in the Grenfell Tower fire, which killed 71 people last year, who last month deployed three roving billboards to ask why there had been no arrests in the tragedy.  Ms. Sullivan said she was motivated by the frustration that Mr. Sargent has faced no major consequences.  He is free to teach, free to coach, free to be elected onto boards, she said. There are no blemishes on his record.) = 1
(For the mini-challenge, our Sylph King Ru fluttered into the workroom trailed by wicked wood sprite Andy Cohen, who sprinkled our queens with painfully scripted-sounding asides and, apparently, the juice of his conflama (Conflict plus drama. That equals dollar signs!- Andy Cohen, copyright Bravo Network) flower, casting over them the bitchy, infighting-prone spell that is the mortar of his media castle.  Clad in couture western wear, they spurred the queens to a frenzied dance-off to Rus Lady Cowboy. The girls were given 20 minutes to assemble a country look, throw their best hoe down, and boost the singles iTunes sales. The mostly metropolitan-based queens gamely flailed about in a cyclone of crooked elbows, flex-footed kicks and suicidal wigs. The collective effect was that of Ashlee Simpsons apoplectic Saturday Night Live jig, but the mood was lively, and the queens served as authentic a country experience as the single merited.  Inexplicably, a teal-tulle-tangled The Vixen, who looked and thrusted about like a suburban teenager at an 80s themed frat party, was named winner of the challenge (in a tie with the more deserving Asia OHara, who eased on down the hay-strewn road looking like the love child that Diana Ross and Michael Jackson never had). Call me a crybaby snowflake, but this victory seemed rigged. Kindly donate to my GoFundMe campaign to finance a recount.  The winners were named team leaders for the maxi challenge, a pharma-Rusical (translation: a RuPaul-branded musical parody of modern pharmaceuticals and the ads that push them  it was a reach), and invited to choose their respective teams. The precarious phoenix Eureka was last standing, and landed by default on Team Asia, whose eponymous captain was displeased. She talks a lot, Asia snipped.  She talked a lot. Can I suggest something? Can we just read through it out loud? Can we have a team name? Look, Im all for women raising their voices and seizing positions of power, but this is a maxi-challenge and time is short, and, however undemocratically elected, there is a team leader. Lean out, Eureka.  On the other side of the workroom, installed autocrat The Vixen set about demonstrating that it can happen here by assigning roles outright, without accepting any input from her team members. That is so cute, she smugly sang in a confessional. Yall really think Im gonna leave it to you? Reject expert intelligence and go with your gut, Vixen. That always works out well.  The Drag Race asteroid Alyssa Edwards, serving a silver platter of Annie Lennox/Betty Grable fusion cuisine, surprised the girls as guest choreographer for the pharma-Rusical (groan). Team Asia was well ahead in the polls, having prepared moves in advance, and although Kalorie Karbdashian Williams lacked the energy her name would betoken, they seemed to be a platform-shoe-in for the win.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Team The Vixen wasted valuable rehearsal time rehashing the Cracker/Aquaria conflict, later presenting Alyssa with a lack of preparedness that earned both a lashing and a signature click from her tongue. The self-proclaimed triple threat Blair St. Clair showed us that her dancing is certainly no threat, and her acting at best a passive-aggressive text. Shed better kill a singing challenge if she wants to pose any threat to anyone in this competition at all.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The singer Halsey, who was born the year I first thrusted about at an 80s themed frat party, was a guest judge, along with the Top Chef host Padma Lakshmi, who, we are blessedly reminded, also appeared in the movie Glitter.  The pharma-Rusical (this is the last time youll have to read that, I promise) was a flop. It didnt offer the queens a chance to shine, and therefore none of them really did, but for brief turns by Mayhem Miller, in a bit that I cannot describe in this publication, and the queen butch Kameron Michaels as Tinderella, who seized on the runway with an intimacy-prohibitive condition and was prescribed a Ru-laxant with an unprintable title. (Other pru-scriptions included Trollvada, which treats bitter old queen syndrome, and which I will need to take if these challenges dont get more watchable.)  The runway challenge was Best Drag, and if the looks presented were truly these queens best, then, well, I have some concerns. In nine seasons of this show, weve been brought to our knees over and over by the stunning, innovative creations of much lesser queens than those assembled on this runway. Are these queens more substance than style? Have we all now arrived at the anniversary after which we cheat and let ourselves go? Is this feminism?  The Vixens was, again inexplicably, declared the winning team, and in a shocking and senseless upset, she was named the singular winner of the maxi-challenge. I have to hand it to her: When shes angry, she is keen and shrewd. And though her talent be but little, for some reason, RuPaul thinks she is fierce.  Eureka was scolded for her utter failure of a lip sync in the maxi challenge, and she wept as she confessed her fear and anxiety about her ability to make the most of her comeback opportunity. Mama Ru, in one of her Drag Oprah moments, said, Eureka, I wish there was a pill to make you believe in yourself as much as we do, as she sentenced both she and Kalorie to lip sync for their lives to Best of My Love, by the underrated Emotions.  Whatever pill Eureka took before pulling out her paroxysmic lip sync, she should do an actual ad for it  unless the vertigo that seems to keep knocking her off her feet is its side effect  because it reuptook her to safety. Kalories lip sync was sweet, but comparatively empty, and she sashayed away to an unhappy ending.  Conflama may have financed Andy Cohens West Village condo expansion, but it is not what we love about this show. What we love about this show is its flashes of defiant beauty, its bruises of deep courage and self-discovery, and Ross Mathews. We dont want to watch the kind of infighting among allies that infects our social media feeds, however telegenic the fighters. We dont want the next drag superstar to be an angry, vengeful villain. We want the next drag superstar to be someone who can give us the best of their love. And it is frightening to think that they may not be out there.  But take it from a real-life Tinderella: Sometimes, to find out if one of your matches is that person, you have to pretend that the past was a dream, accept the apologies of the five oclock shadows that have offended you, and give them your hands.  See you next week.) = 1
(Sandy Alderson, the general manager, stated the obvious, that Noah Syndergaard and Jacob deGrom match up well against any other top two starters.  The key for us will be 3-4-5  and 6 and 7, Alderson said. Bullpen-wise, I think were improved, were deeper, and I like our offense. Weve got some veteran players who are going to have to perform at their previous levels, but generally speaking I think our lineup is a lot deeper.  Alderson could have stopped there, yet he added an ominous but honest bit of math.  We have to improve by 20 games, he said, but I think were capable of doing that.  Photo  A 20-game improvement would give the Mets 90 victories, matching their total from 2015, the last time they reached the World Series. To get back, or at least have a chance, they need dominance like Syndergaards on Thursday, when he fanned 10 in six innings without giving up a walk. But thats a given.  More encouraging, perhaps, was Robert Gsellman  best known as a pitch-to-contact starter  striking out the side in the seventh, followed by crisp innings from Swarzak and Jeurys Familia. In Callaways last job, as the pitching coach for the Cleveland Indians, he oversaw a staff with two aces and a lot of power relievers. It worked very well.  On Thursday, the Mets offense was just as impressive. No N.L. team hit more home runs than the Mets last season, but 10 teams reached base more often. This time, the Mets won easily without going deep at all. The Cardinals used six pitchers, and the Mets greeted each by getting on base. They chased Carlos Martinez, the Cardinals All-Star right-hander, with a procession of disciplined at-bats.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Thats going be with any pitcher, but especially with Martinez, he pitches off emotion a little bit, and its something that our team really has to focus on, said Brandon Nimmo, the leadoff man, who was hit by a pitch, walked and singled twice. Were looking to drive the ball and pass the baton along, so weve got to get him in the zone. If were swinging at pitches out of the zone  and this is for everybody  were in trouble.  The age in the Mets offense could hurt them as the season goes on. But Thursdays lineup included three players who were making their first opening day starts: Nimmo, catcher Kevin Plawecki and shortstop Amed Rosario, who batted ninth, behind Syndergaard and ahead of Nimmo and Yoenis Cespedes. Rosario and Cespedes both had two singles, driving in a total of five runs.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Cespedes had hit second before, but Rosario did not bat ninth in his two-month trial as a rookie last season. Callaway likes the arrangement.  The main thing is we want Cespedes to take as many at-bats as possible this year; I cant guarantee hes always going to hit second, but it worked out, Callaway said. And as far as Rosario goes, I think it takes the pressure off him to hit behind the pitcher. He gets to relax, and he gets to do some damage, too.  Before they get too excited, its worth noting that the Mets usually start with a flourish. The last 25 times they have opened the season in Flushing, theyve gone 22-3. Their overall winning percentage on opening day (.649) is the best in the majors.  This was another joyous baseball holiday, but it was tinged with sadness after the news about Staub, an All-Star, a humanitarian and a restaurateur. The broadcaster Ron Darling, another former teammate, would not be celebrating victory the way he once did.  Potato skins and ribs at Rustys on 73rd and 3rd  after, it seemed like, each and every ballgame, Darling said, motioning to Hernandez nearby. Pure baseball, beautiful innocence. Miss those days.) = 1
(And while fashion and fads may have changed, these faintly remembered slices of life still resonate with contemporary viewers. I realized that what a guy was doing in the 1940s, I did in the 70s and 80s, Mr. Schulman said of the range of both playful and emotional vignettes. The themes of today are also the themes of earlier times  were not different.  Ms. Halkin added, There wasnt social media to diffuse it, but people have always wanted to illustrate and to showcase their lives. The main differences lie in the modest volume of documentation  incomparable to todays ceaseless stream  and the limitations of how images could be shared, usually in the parlors of friends or family.  The groans once evoked by the ritualistic image-by-image playback of a vacation projected onto a wall, sheet or screen have been replaced with a sense of delight. Its like vinyl: Weve fallen back in, Mr. Schulman said.  Nonetheless, the project is not about being retro or nostalgic. Were not about analog versus digital  its about the meeting of the two worlds, bringing the past and the present together, Mr. Schulman said. If anything, digitization preserves the delicate originals, and viewing them on a computer screen brings out intriguing details. This is a project about light, he emphasized. The quality is so extraordinary  the colors are so alive, it feels like youre in the images. Theyre miniature tableaux.) = 1
(Last August, Mr. Wright sat at the desk in his home office in West Austin. On a computer monitor was a document opened to draft No. 78 of Cleo. He was preparing for the plays September debut. Then Hurricane Harvey hit Houston in late August and damaged the Alley, prompting the delay.  Photo  In those seven months, Mr. Wright wrote nine more drafts, all while serving as an executive producer for the new Hulu series based on The Looming Tower and completing a new book on Texas politics. Cleo is now a drastically different play than it was when Mr. Wright conceived it, yet the theme remains the same.  Its in some ways a disquisition on love, and how dangerous it is, and yet how essential, Mr. Wright said. Were condemned to have this riotous, unsettling element in our natures and we dont understand it.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Initially, Mr. Wright had focused on the affair between Joseph Mankiewicz, the movies director and co-writer, and Rosemary Matthews, the script supervisor. He was intrigued with the intertwined destructive relationships at play on the set: from Antony and Cleopatra, whose relationship shook empires; to Burton and Taylor, whose relationship ripped apart their marriages and ignited the gossip pages; to that more prosaic boss-subordinate romance.  Change came when Mr. Balaban got involved about seven years ago. He had met Taylor a few times through the actress Maureen Stapleton, and persuaded Mr. Wright to redirect the emphasis to her and Burton, the obvious stars of the show.  The script still does feature Mankiewicz, an Oscar-winning filmmaker who became overwhelmed with the enormity of the movie, a budget-buster that threatened to bankrupt Fox. Also in supporting roles: Eddie Fisher, the singer and actor who was Taylors husband  her fourth  at the time, and Rex Harrison, the actor playing Caesar, whose ego took a toll as his role diminished in the growing shadow of Burtons Mark Antony.  The actors Lisa Birnbaum and Richard Short portray Taylor and Burton. They were cast, Mr. Balaban said, for their ability to embody both tragedy and comedy, and because they resembled their characters without ever appearing to do impressions of them.  The play starts with Burton arriving drunk to the set, in Rome, to replace the actor Stephen Boyd, who was no longer available after production delays. The idea of using Burton came from Fisher, who unwittingly invited a snake into his own den, according to Mr. Wright.  Burton and Taylor couldnt keep their cravings secret and the nascent paparazzi captured every blatant minute of their sunbathing and petting.  Photo  There was outrage, Mr. Wright said. Nobody had ever seen this kind of thing happening in public before. The tabloids were full of homewrecker.   The pope condemned the couple, and a congresswoman from Georgia proposed prohibiting Taylor, a naturalized U.S. citizen, from returning after filming. Fidelity was a tightly held American value, yet the pair persisted in flagrant defiance and, in Mr. Wrights estimation, helped to spark the sexual revolution.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The Richard Burton Diaries, published in 2012, was crucial to understanding not only the dynamic between Burton and Taylor but also Burtons light and dark sides. Mr. Wrights research also included interviewing sources close to the movie.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  The play ends with a rather brutal scene  a big, knock-down, drag-out fight that you would think would tear Taylor and Burton apart but is actually what ends up cementing their relationship, Mr. Balaban said. We wanted to present something that was probably like what really happened with them.  A 2016 reading of Cleo that was part of the Alleys festival of new works inspired Gregory Boyd, the former artistic director, to stage a production. Mr. Wright is not, however, new to theater. In his career, he has written four plays that have been produced (Camp David, Fallaci, Sonnys Last Shot and Crackerjack) and performed in two of his own one-man shows, The Human Scale and My Trip to Al-Qaeda.  Ive written movies, but typically with a movie, as soon as the director comes on, the last thing he wants is the writer around, Mr. Wright said. So you get kind of pushed out. In the theater, the playwright is the final authority, and I dont mind that.  On April 17, he will publish God Save Texas: A Journey Into the Soul of the Lone Star State, based on reporting he did for an article in The New Yorker. David Remnick, the magazines editor, asked Mr. Wright to explain his home state; the writer playfully reminded the editor that he gets paid by the word.  Mr. Remnick was willing to take the risk.  The secret to Larry is that he writes only about what completely grabs his attention and imagination, Mr. Remnick said. Nothing obligatory, nothing on order. He does what hes going to do. And the results are invariably amazing.) = 1
(Click on the slide show to see this weeks featured properties in New York City:   In Dumbo, Brooklyn, a one-bedroom, one-and-a-half-bath loft with two living spaces, a home office and a laundry/storage room with a washer and dryer, in the 124-unit Clock Tower condo building.   In Murray Hill, a one-bedroom, one-bath condo with parquet floors, a combined living and dining room, a pass-through kitchen with stainless-steel appliances, and a walk-in closet, in a full-service postwar building.   In Washington Heights, a two-bedroom, two-and-a-half bath, three-level townhouse with stained oak floors, 11-foot ceilings, an open kitchen with butcher-block counters, and a private outdoor area big enough for a grill and table.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Real Estate Newsletter Every week, get updates on residential real estate news, covering the five boroughs and beyond. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.) = 1
(Adhiambo Mitchell lost both his legs in a car accident on the Belt Parkway in Brooklyn almost 10 years ago. Nolan Ryan Trowe was partly paralyzed while cliff diving in Northern California in 2016. When they met last year, they bonded over a shared attitude toward their disabilities.  Its very affirming to be around someone as positive as Adhiambo, Mr. Trowe said. I have never heard him complain about anything.  Nolan is adventurous, Mr. Mitchell said. You can put him in any predicament and hell know how to maneuver. There is no cowardice in him. And he is a really good rapper.) = 1
(Basketball was the sport they picked because it was so cheap, Byrne, the Hofstra professor, said. They could do it in incredibly limited space with incredibly limited equipment.  Over time, the schools became a magnet for black players, including luminaries such as Bill Russell (University of San Francisco) and the championship Loyola-Chicago team of 1963, which broke an unspoken rule by starting four black players.  Black athletes, Catholic or not, often landed at these colleges partly because they frequently played basketball for the local chapter of the Catholic Youth Organization, which was originally founded as a kind of urban, Catholic parallel to the predominantly Protestant Y.M.C.A.s. The C.Y.O.s set many black players on the path toward Catholic colleges.  As more and more ethnic Catholics moved out of cities but parishes and schools stayed put, black kids were admitted regardless of religious affiliation beginning in the 60s, James T. Fisher, an American Studies professor at Fordham, said in an email. Then the church turned demographic fact into theological virtue by embracing urban advocacy and racial justice.  It also made competitive sense. Much as a New Yorker, Frank McGuire, won the 1957 title at the University of North Carolina by taking several first- and second-generation Irish- and Jewish-Americans from the New York metropolitan area down to Chapel Hill, another coach from New York, Al McGuire (no relation), used his personality  his charism?  to recruit black players to Marquette, in Milwaukee, in the 1960s and 70s, when many state schools still had unwritten quotas.  Photo  He sold kids and families on the fact that: Hey, Im a white Irish Catholic. I didnt grow up in the neighborhood, but I grew up next door to it,  Fisher said.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  There is nothing in Catholic dogma that specifically elucidates the virtues of basketball. Yet several scholars pointed to elements of American Catholicism that helped persuade schools to embrace sports.  Jesuit philosophy  embedded at so many top basketball schools, such as Gonzaga, Xavier, Creighton and Georgetown  extends to all aspects of life. It preaches cura personalis, or care for the person  in not only the intellectual and spiritual sense, but the physical one, too.  Catholicism in America taught that all aspects of life could be sacred, Byrne said, maybe even basketball.  Its not that sports were particularly holy, but you could see it as a holy thing to do. It could have the potential to give glory to God, said Byrne, referencing the Jesuit phrase ad majorem Dei gloriam, or for the greater glory of God.  For St. Josephs Coach Phil Martelli, these teachings comport with the sport that he called the greatest societal experiment.  In basketball, it doesnt matter if youre black or white, rich or poor, city or suburbs, said Martelli, whose wife, Judy Marra Martelli, played on those three Immaculata championship teams. And in the Catholic faith, you shouldnt be measured by those things  your W-2 or what you drive. You should be measured by your character.) = 1
(Ive written before about my friend Steve Hayner, who was president of Columbia Theological Seminary in Decatur, Ga., and a huge influence on my life. He was told he had terminal cancer on Easter weekend four years ago. (He died early in 2015.) Shortly after he learned the news, he said: There are never any guarantees in this life, and this is a chance to take Jesus words to heart: And can any of you by worrying add a single hour to your life span? (Matthew 6:27). Well choose the way of trust and joy instead. And so he did.  Months later, in reflecting on how things had changed for him, knowing that death soon awaited, Steve wrote: Life is just plain different now. I like parts of my previous life better. But the choices have changed. Every day has always been an opportunity for attentiveness, gratitude and living into Gods call. Now he had much less of a desire to seize the day, he said, than to welcome it  with all its twists and turns, surprises and disappointments, moments of delight and discoveries of yet other areas to which I must pray my goodbyes and let the grieving roll. And so he did.  None of us is exempt from periods of pain, doubt and discouragement. Even the Apostle Paul confessed in his second letter to the Corinthians that there were times when he felt the pressures of life pushed him beyond the ability to endure, so that we despaired of life itself.  Gratitude is hardly restricted to people of faith, just as people of faith are not exempt from ingratitude. This is another way that people dont fit into tidy boxes. Temperament, disposition and life circumstances all play a factor in determining how we face the world.  But for many of us of the Christian faith, there are certain events that are sources of continuing thankfulness. Good Friday and Easter Sunday are pre-eminent among them. They reassure us that while suffering is unavoidable, death is not final and hope is eternal, that there are things that lie beyond the joy and anguish of this life. There is gratitude in the conviction that the story doesnt end and that there are endless new chapters to be written, and that ultimately there is reconciliation and redemption to be found for my broken life and our broken world.) = 1
(The defiant but coolly controlled Girl Goin Nowhere, which opens the album, captures the sting of being told youll never make it, inspired by a cruel high school math teacher. Her father gave her the coat she sings about in The Jacket: This thing is 2,000 bonfires, hitchhike to Boulder/Its kept a million raindrops off your mothers shoulders.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Louder Newsletter Every week, stay on top of the latest in pop and jazz with reviews, interviews, podcasts and more from The New York Times music critics. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  The album was produced by Jay Joyce, who has worked with Eric Church and Little Big Town, and Ms. McBrydes music carries an eclecticism honed in the Memphis bars she used to play: A song about rural meth addiction, Livin Next to Leroy, is infused with Lynyrd Skynyrd, and there are hints of Springsteen on El Dorado.  Born in Waldron, Ark., Ms. McBryde was raised on a 400-acre cattle farm on the other side of the state, in Mammoth Spring. As a child, she traveled with her mother to bluegrass festivals, where she found an early mentor in the musician Carl Jackson. She attended Arkansas State University in Jonesboro to play French horn and study to be a band director.  After getting comfortable playing in Memphis, shed begun taking weekend trips to Nashville, leading one of her college instructors, seeing her divided loyalties between her studies and her ambitions, to offer some unsolicited, uncomfortable advice. He said, Youre skinny, youre pretty, and I think things will happen for you, and in five years youll be fat and nobodyll care, Ms. McBryde recalled. Thats a weird way to say I give you my blessing. She dropped out that day.  Photo  Like most sharp songwriters, Ms. McBryde has a keen sense of whom she is writing for. Fat and Famous, an uproarious song from her 2016 EP, was written for her 10th high school reunion and targeted the mean girls. An old loosie, Burning Down Chicago, was partly inspired by a woman who, in the middle of one of Ms. McBrydes bar performances, pulled a photo out of her wallet, laid it in an ashtray and set it ablaze.  Theres a few people that I write with that we dont stop until one of us cries, she said.  But in Nashville especially, there is a chasm between songwriter and performer, and Ms. McBryde is still smarting at the fact that her songwriting career never took flight. (Shes had a publishing deal for three years.) In a two-hour conversation, she only blanched once, at the fact that until the end of last year no one had recorded one of her songs. Wow, I wish we could smoke in here, she said.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  But perhaps if Ms. McBryde had found songwriting lucrative, she would have missed out on becoming the artist she is today. (Before Girl Going Nowhere, she self-released two albums and an EP; the first of those albums is largely gone from the internet, the victim of natural selection, she joked.) In that slow-moving country radio way, Dahlonega, which initially came out 10 months ago, is only just now gaining traction; its currently at No. 33 on the Billboard country airplay chart.  In the past year, shes sung with Eric Church, performed at the Ryman and recently toured as an opening act for Miranda Lambert. Shes got brass balls, Ms. McBryde said of Ms. Lambert. She is a strong-personality female and chose to let a strong-personality female open the show.  But she is still living on the stipend from her publishing contract, and she has yet to pay herself for a concert. She resides in Watertown, a city of about 1,500 an hour east of Nashville, in a cabin on a 27-acre lot that also includes a horse barn. Shes craving a new bed, and wants to replace the ceiling fan that kicks out a spark every time it turns on. But when she goes to the local bar  the one where no one knew she was a professional singer before she recorded the Dahlonega video there  she orders a double Jim Beam and ginger ale and the Texas Pete hot wings, and doesnt have to worry about being anyone but herself.) = 1
(But when the curtain lifted on the season, it was Stanton who seized center stage.  Ive never seen a debut like that, said Dellin Betances, who had seen two other Yankees  Judge and Tyler Austin  hit back-to-back homers in their major-league debuts two years ago. First game with the Yankees, for him to do what he did today was unbelievable.  Standing inside the clubhouse entrance after the win, General Manager Brian Cashman, who engineered the deal to bring Stanton from Miami, said he had asked Boone before the game who was his pick to click for the night.  His answer: Stanton.  Asked why, Boone smiled: Because I just wanted it to be.  One thing that the Yankees have learned about Stanton is that he is a creature of habit. He lost himself daily in his routine during spring training, heading to the batting cages and repeating the same drills: from a tee, then tosses, followed by machines and live batting practice. Stantons approach in all his work is to hit the ball to right field.  You can allow the ball to get deeper in the zone, so when you get on time, theyre usually taking pitches out of the zone because they can wait a little bit longer, Boone said. And then if they happen to clip one, usually its damage.  Photo  J.A. Happ, Torontos left-handed starter, had beaten the Yankees five times without a loss over the last two seasons, but his outing did not start well on Thursday. After left fielder Curtis Granderson dropped Gardners routine liner for an error, Happ recovered to strike out Judge.  That brought Stanton to the plate. He took the first pitch, a fastball on the outside edge of the plate, for a strike. Happ came back with the same pitch, but left the two-seamer over the plate. Stanton, delivering the compact swing of a pesky singles hitter with a tight ends body, answered by driving the ball deep into the right-center field seats.  As he jogged around the bases, Stanton flashed the gold bottoms of his spikes and feigned taking a handoff from the third base coach Phil Nevin as he reached out to the slugger rounding third.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  That was cool, man, Stanton said. I tried to be as calm as possible coming up, and the anticipation was big for me. I was able to settle it down and understand that its just a game even though its a big-time opening day.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  When Stanton came to the plate to begin the ninth inning, it was only in search of gravy. The Yankees by then had firm control. Stanton had pushed the lead to 3-0 in the fifth when he doubled off reliever John Axford to drive home Judge, who had walked. Sanchez followed by doubling to center field, comfortably scoring Stanton.  After Gardners home run off Danny Barnes in the seventh, the Blue Jays put their only blemish on the Yankees bullpen when Kevin Pillar hit Dellin Betancess first pitch over the center-field wall. I didnt think he was swinging, Betances said sheepishly.  Blue Jays reliever Tyler Clippard, with the count full, tried to fool Stanton with a changeup. Stanton, almost dropping to one knee, hit the pitch into the second deck in center field. As the coaching assistant Brett Weber mimicked the swing later, Stanton said it was almost Beltre, referring to Adrian Beltres habit of falling to the ground to hit off-speed pitches.  Asked which home run was more impressive, Weber said: Lets face it  theyre all sexy.  Stanton may not have felt so adored when he returned to the dugout after his home run in the ninth. The Yankees sat stoically in their spots in the dugout  so Stanton high-fived the empty space in front of him.  I was about to get up and give him a high five and everybody was like, no, no, no, no, no, said third baseman Brandon Drury, who was also making his debut.  The ringleader was believed to be Gardner.  Stanton laughed along with the gag.  I wasnt ready for that one, he said. Ive got to have a better act.  If the way the opener unfolded is any indication, he may need it soon.) = 1
(Photo  Sturdy, earthy lamb shanks are worthy vehicles for any number of seasonal flavors and preparations, whether a dark mix of mushrooms and red wine, or lighter, brighter citrus notes.  Personally, I like them boiled. Well, not boiled exactly, but simmered in a pot of water on the stove.  Photo  You may have been taught that lamb shanks must first be browned, then slowly braised  a fine way to cook them. But you can also get wonderful results skipping that first step. For instance, I have seen some recipes that call for a single lamb shank added to a long-cooked vegetable soup, just as you would with a ham hock or a few chicken legs to add meatiness.  But for something bigger  a hearty main course  I first season the shanks with salt and pepper, cover them with water in a large pot, toss in a few aromatics, and let it all simmer gently for an hour and a half or so, until the meat is tender. In the process, the water becomes a delicious broth, which is then used to make a sauce.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  However, a whole, bone-in shank on a dinner plate can look gargantuan, even intimidating. So, once the shanks are tender, I like to pull the cooked meat off. The finished dish, thus tamed, can seem more civilized, less Stone Age. You can do this several hours before completing the dish, up to a day or two in advance.  Photo  Rather than a deep, wintry braise, I wanted something lighter for the beginning of spring. Opting for orange and honey, along with a few sweet spices, like clove, coriander and a touch of saffron, seemed right. The zest of one orange, peeled in wide strips, and a half-cup of orange juice proved to be plenty for an intense back note. A splash of white wine also supplied acidity.  A shower of freshly snipped herbs  dill, mint, parsley, basil  brightens the dish just before serving. A bouquet of butter-steamed spring vegetables (carrots and turnips for now, peas and asparagus tips soon) is a welcome accompaniment.) = 1
(The threat of a slew of politically charged amendments, the need for 60 votes to move any spending legislation and the reluctance of the leadership to devote the necessary floor time to debate the bills have effectively ended public review of the 12 annual spending bills by the full Senate.  What that means is that most senators have no real opportunity to try to influence the individual spending measures and are instead presented with the take-it-or-leave-it choice they faced last week when they could either vote for a 2,232-page, $1.3 trillion spending measure with many provisions they supported  notably a big increase in Pentagon spending  or balk and be responsible for shutting down the government. Those options left many lawmakers dissatisfied, including some of those most closely involved in writing the legislation.  I would rather we brought these bills to the floor one at a time, said Senator Roy Blunt, Republican of Missouri and a member of the spending panel, who lamented the packaging of the bills. It didnt used to be that way. It has been that way for about 10 years now. It needs to stop. Every member needs to have a right to be able to amend these bills, to bring them to the floor one or two at a time, have a real debate.  Congressional leaders say they dont like jamming the spending bills through en bloc, but there are real incentives for them to continue to do so because it concentrates considerable power in their hands.  Top Republican and Democratic leaders were able to cut some of the most significant deals in the legislation among themselves behind closed doors. The current process empowers both the leadership and the members of the appropriations committees, some of whom believe they are accumulating too much clout at the expense of rank-and-file opinion.  This is one area where the breakdown of the regular order doesnt serve the country or the Congress very well, said Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma, a senior Republican member of the Appropriations Committee.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Another obstacle in the appropriations process for Mr. Cole and his fellow Republicans has been the refusal of some of their most conservative colleagues to back any spending bills because of their opposition to the amounts or to the individual provisions.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  That requires Republicans to compromise with Democrats to find the votes to pass the must-pass bills both in the House and the Senate, thus providing Democrats huge leverage they exerted very successfully in the recent clash by remaining unified.  Democrats could not have been happier with the spending legislation that Mr. Trump signed while holding his nose.  If you would have told me that with a Republican president, Republican House and Republican Senate we would have done as well as weve done, I would have laughed at you, said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader. He went on to say that spending gains for Democratic priorities under President Trump exceeded those under President Barack Obama.  Once Republicans did the tax bill with a huge deficit, their ostensible reason for not liking domestic spending  the deficit  vanished, he said.  Aides to Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader  and a veteran appropriator himself  said he still preferred the old-fashioned way of considering the bills. He will now be under substantial pressure from disgruntled senators to make that happen.  There are a lot of people upset, and understandably so, said Senator Mike Lee, Republican of Utah, who said Republicans needed to do whatever necessary to force debate on the spending bills, even if it meant extended sessions that left lawmakers exhausted. We have allowed the power to accumulate and be vested in just a few people.  Restless lawmakers demanding more opinion may get some help from a change in the committees leadership with the departure of Senator Thad Cochran, Republican of Mississippi, the ailing chairman.  Senator Richard C. Shelby, Republican of Alabama and the incoming chairman, has been assuring colleagues that he wants to return to the old ways of bringing individual bills to the floor  though floor time is ultimately apportioned by Mr. McConnell.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  With overall spending levels already set for the coming year in a two-year budget compromise, the Appropriations Committees can get an early start on drafting their bills, potentially providing the House and Senate more debate time. In addition, a special committee has been created to recommend ways to fix the budget and appropriations process, putting pressure on lawmakers to show they can still deliver.  Many lawmakers believe the increasingly elusive regular order is still the best way to go.  I just long for the old days, said Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine and a longtime appropriator.  But the bad spending habits of Congress have become deeply ingrained and have provided significant advantages for some at the top of the congressional food chain. Breaking out of them could prove impossible, and Mr. Trump would find himself presented yet again with the exact type of legislation he vowed to reject.) = 1
(Yet many Puerto Ricans fled with plans to return. For them, the leap north was a respite from the immediate chaos after the hurricane: the lack of electricity, unreliable hospitals and long lines for gas and food. It is too early to determine how many may return, but there is little doubt that Puerto Ricans have begun trickling back to the island.  For many, it is a joyous return to the motherland after months in exile. But the homecoming is still bittersweet. Those returning must come to terms with an island that is still crippled, where power outages are frequent, businesses remain shuttered and hillsides are pocked with blue roof tarps.  Older people like Enrique and Emma are especially vulnerable to this instability. More than 23 percent of the population in Puerto Rico is over 60, higher than anywhere else in Latin America. And that number is growing as young people abandon the island and leave elders to fend for themselves.  By returning, Enrique and Emma were taking a precarious leap of faith, given their age and fragile health. They were trading away access to world-class medical care in New York City for the unpredictable conditions on an island they yearned for even though it was ill-equipped to tend to their needs.) = 1
(In the books, the first of which was published in 1972, George (often wearing a fedora) and Martha (rose behind a tiny hippo-ear) are great friends  such great friends that there are no other characters in their world aside from silent, supporting players like the crocodile bookseller, the hippopotamus dentist. They value each other and they value their friendship. In the middle of several stories, one or the other remarks on the others kindness and the other says: Thats what friends are for. The stories dont usually end on that note. They end with someone getting, briefly, the upper hand. They end with someone having learned a concrete lesson (like: Dont snoop! Dont be selfish!). They end with Martha scaring the bejesus out of George (who had it coming). They end with George sharing his cookies. They end with the two of them telling stories at dusk, having banished loneliness and its irritating expression, fidgeting while your friend reads.  Photo  George and Martha are truly intimate: They see each other and love each other, still. George is softly kindhearted and a little slow on the uptake (he tends to be outsmarted by Martha). No one could be more encouraging or more supportive, except when he goofs and accidentally punctures your self-confidence while youre trying to walk on a tightrope. He is filled with joie de vivre and guilelessness (which doesnt necessarily mean dopey, even though he is that, too) which balance his faults: snoopiness, voyeurism and an inclination toward pranks. Martha is clever. She is a diva, a dirty fighter, a fury when provoked and a surprisingly good sport. (Martha, I see now, certainly could have been modeled on the actual Elizabeth Taylor.)  Heres all I know about James Marshall, and its not for lack of trying: He was born in San Antonio, where his father worked for the railroad and had a dance band. He hated Texas. He studied to play the viola and intended to have a musical career. Following conservatory training in New England, he suffered nerve damage in his hand and his musical career ended. He went back to Texas for a while and later taught Spanish in a Catholic school near Boston after college.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  In his adult life, Marshall divided his time between an apartment in Manhattan and a home in Connecticut. He died in October 1992 at 50, of causes unknown to me and difficult to discern.  The Collected Stories of George and Martha: Two Best Friends is all 35 George and Martha stories. I would recommend buying the book, with its glorious bright yellow-with-pink-flowers cover, and enjoying Sendaks foreword. I would display it right where guests would see it even before they take off their coats. And I would hope that their exposure to George and Martha would act as lemon juice on scurvy, derailing some of the more predictable and dispiriting dinner party conversations of 2018.  Photo  GEORGE AND MARTHA: A STARTER KIT  George and Martha: Five Stories About Two Great Friends. In a consistently wonderful debut collection, the first story stands out. Split Pea Soup introduces us to the friendship, to Georges wish to never hurt Marthas feelings, to Marthas passion for making (but not eating) split pea soup and to Georges gorgeous pink loafers, which make their first appearance. (I think they are suede. They might be velvet. Scholars will have to weigh in.) The absurd and the warmhearted go hand in hand, just like you know who.  George and Martha: One Fine Day. Of these five stories, I love the one-two punch of The Big Scare and The Amusement Park which capitalize on the readers love-hate of suspense, the unutterable delight of seeing George in the shower, hiding behind the midcentury daisy-bedecked shower curtain and an ending in which, this time, all is understood and all is forgiven.  George and Martha: Tons of Fun. These five stories balance the sweet and the ridiculous, the sharp and the tender, like all of these books. My favorite story in this collection is The Misunderstanding, in which we get to see an insulted Martha (ignored by George, who wished to work on his headstand) soothing her hurt feelings by playing the saxophone in bed (sheet music by Bach nearby). She has such a good time, she doesnt answer her phone and George worries and concludes that his friend is really mad  but shes not. She had cheered herself up and forgotten her hurt feelings. An ode to friendship and an acknowledgment that other people are a mystery.  George and Martha: Back in Town. My favorite of a fab five? The Box. Will Martha give in to her curiosity? Will she be punished for it? This is as good as Henry Jamess novel The Wings of the Dove but much shorter and much funnier.) = 1
(When Susan Ressler returned home from photographing a Native American community in northern Canada, something didnt sit well. She had been there for three months in 1973 with an anthropologist, following families as they battled alcoholism and poverty. She had dreamed of becoming a documentary photographer like Dorothea Lange, but her time in Canada left her questioning her privileged status as a photographer.  Here I was photographing these impoverished people and they didnt have any sense of where I was coming from and what I might do with those photographs, how it might affect them, she said. I started thinking about how much documentary photography is from a position of looking down on somebody who has less power.  So what would happen if she flipped the narrative and photographed scenes apropos of her own upper-middle-class background?) = 1
(When a lot of the mainstream media talks about the working class, there is a tendency to romanticize, to idealize them as the most authentic Americans. They are real and their problems are real problems, as if everyone else is dealing with artificial obstacles. We see this in some of the breathless media coverage of Trump voters and in a lot of the online chatter about the Roseanne reboot. What often goes unsaid is that when the working class is defined in our cultural imagination, we are talking about white people, even though the real American working class is made up of people from many races and ethnicities.  During a Television Critics Association panel promoting the show, Ms. Barr said, it was working-class people who elected Trump.  This myth persists, but it is only a myth. Forty-one percent of voters earning less than $50,000 voted for Mr. Trump while 53 percent voted for Hillary Clinton. Forty-nine percent of voters earning between $50,000 and $100,000 voted for Mr. Trump while 47 percent voted for Mrs. Clinton. The median income of these voters was $72,000, while the median income of Hillary Clinton voters was $61,000. A significant number of middle-class and wealthy white people contributed to Trumps election.  In the show, during an exchange about their political disagreement, Roseanne tells Jackie one of the reasons she voted for Mr. Trump is because he talked about jobs. And that was all the political ideology we got. If we are to believe the circumstances of this characters life, a few vague words about jobs was more than enough to compel Roseanne, with inadequate health care, with vulnerable grandchildren, and struggling to make ends meet, to vote for Mr. Trump.  How do you reach people who make dangerous political choices grounded in self-interest? When Roseanne and Jackie finally reconcile, Roseanne never apologizes or concedes. She merely tells Jackie, I forgive you, and Jackie acknowledges how hard that was for Roseanne. Clearly, we cannot reach people who make dangerous, myopic political choices. We concede, as Jackie does, or we resist, as hopefully the rest of us will.  In my book Bad Feminist, published in 2014, I wrote about giving myself permission to be flawed but feminist. I wrote about how sometimes I consume problematic pop culture, knowing I shouldnt, knowing how harmful that pop culture can be. I still believe there is room for that, for having principles and enjoying things that challenge those principles. But in the ensuing years, Ive also been thinking about accountability and the repercussions of our choices. Ive been thinking about how nothing will change if we keep consuming problematic pop culture without demanding anything better.  As I watched the first two episodes of the Roseanne reboot, I thought again about accountability. I laughed, yes, and enjoyed seeing the Conner family back on my screen. My first reaction was that the show was excellent. But I could not set aside what I know of Roseanne Barr and how toxic and dangerous her current public persona is. I could not overlook how the Conner family came together to support Mark as he was bullied at school for his gender presentation, after voting for a president who actively works against the transgender community. They voted for a president who doesnt think the black life of their granddaughter matters. They act as if love can protect the most vulnerable members of their family from the repercussions of their political choices. It cannot.  This fictional family, and the shows very real creator, are further normalizing Trump and his warped, harmful political ideologies. There are times when we can consume problematic pop culture, but this is not one of those times. I saw the first two episodes of the Roseanne reboot, but thats all I am going to watch. Its a small line to draw, but its a start.) = 1
(If you say something online, it has a different kind of permanence, Ms. Papacharissi cautioned. Its always there to haunt you.  So over the last two months, I decided to do something different by trying to erase that permanence. Specifically, I used web tools to eradicate the vast majority of my Facebook and Twitter posts. Those turned out to be impractical and tedious to use  though automated, the programs were flawed and missed many posts after several attempts. The chore took about five hours, spread out over weeks.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story How Do You Use Tech? Advice and tips on the technology changing how you live. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  While I walked away from the ashes of my digital self feeling less haunted, I confess my methods may not be worth the trouble, though there are other, more practical solutions. Yet cleaning up your timeline is an exercise I recommend in moderation if you care about your privacy.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Heres how I did it  and what I learned.  Testing the Cleaners  Since Facebook and Twitter offer no simple method for doing a mass purging of timelines, you will likely have to rely on third-party tools. I picked two well-reviewed programs: TweetDelete for cleaning up my Twitter account and Social Book Post Manager for handling my Facebook account.  TweetDelete was simple to put to work. Its a web app you install by visiting the tools website, tweetdelete.net, and authorizing the application to connect with your Twitter account.  From there, you can choose to delete tweets that are more than a week old. The app takes a few minutes to delete large batches of your tweets. One major caveat: Because of a technical limitation, TweetDelete can delete only the last 3,200 tweets on your account. So to clear out roughly 14,000 tweets that were more than a year old, I had to run the app four times. (Ive had a lot to say on Twitter over the last decade, O.K.?)  My Facebook timeline was tougher to manage. After skimming my last 14 years worth of Facebook posts, I concluded there was nothing worth keeping. So I opted to purge everything.  I installed Social Book Post Manager, a free add-on for the Chrome web browser. This app was more rudimentary: It essentially scrolled through my timeline and clicked on the delete button for each of my posts for me.  Social Book Post Manager lets you delete months or years worth of content  or everything, which I chose. The problem was, even after I used the app to scrub through my entire timeline six times, the tool missed about a dozen posts. There is a setting to adjust the speed at which the app deletes posts, and I had to choose the minimum speed to do a complete purge.  Video  The process was agonizing: I watched years of my youth play back in slow motion, including dated, satirical jokes and photos of myself wearing vintage clothing back when that was a fashion trend, before the tool deleted each post one at a time.  Is It Worth the Effort?  After I finished scrubbing my Facebook timeline, I concluded that my delete-everything approach was probably not worth most peoples time. And even after all that time, my Facebook timeline was still decorated with posts that my friends had published about me  including photos from my 21st birthday (need I say more?)  because that content was not mine to delete.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Gennie Gebhart, a researcher who follows privacy and surveillance issues for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital-rights nonprofit, found a simpler approach. She connected her Facebook and Twitter accounts with the app Timehop.  To help people reminisce, Timehop every day surfaces photos and posts published from years past on Twitter and Facebook. Ms. Gebhart uses the tool to incrementally audit her timeline to see if there was something from the past she might not want lingering around.  She said that she rarely found posts worth deleting, but that most people might enjoy this light exercise for peace of mind  and to protect their public reputations.  Facebook representatives said that based on feedback, the company recognized that people had different needs for managing their timelines. So it offers a privacy setting for people to limit the visibility of their older timeline posts. Similar to Timehop, Facebook also occasionally surfaces old memories from peoples timelines to help them reminisce.  Twitter did not respond to requests for comment.  Beyond the technological difficulties of doing a social media purge, you may decide its not right for you. Ms. Papacharissi, the communication professor, said people formed sentimental attachments to their memories on social media, as they do with clothing and old photographs.  They present a timeline of who we were, of who we are now and who we would like to be, she said. Its like this always-on story. Its difficult to disconnect that.) = 1
(The Sacramento police on Friday said they had not viewed the autopsy and declined to comment, saying it was inappropriate because the investigation was continuing. We acknowledge the importance of this case to all in our community, the police said in a statement.  Photo  Protesters in Californias capital have taken to the streets nearly every day since Mr. Clark was killed on March 18, demanding that the citys leadership fire the two officers involved.  Mr. Clarks family have accused the police department of trying to cover up misconduct by its officers and decided to conduct its own autopsy.  Video showed officers shouting at Mr. Clark minutes after the shooting stopped. We need to know if youre O.K., an officer yelled about three minutes after the gunfire ended. We need to get you medics but we cant go over to get you help unless we know you dont have a weapon.  Dr. Omalu said the autopsy suggested that Mr. Clark lived for three to 10 minutes after the shooting, adding to questions about the amount of time it took to get him treatment. Medical assistance did not arrive until about six minutes after the shooting.  Dr. Omalu said that he could not determine if Mr. Clark would have survived if he had received medical attention more quickly, but every minute you wait decreases probability of survival.  In its initial account, the Police Department said Mr. Clark had advanced toward the officers while holding what they believed to be a firearm. In body camera footage provided by the police, it is not clear which direction Mr. Clark is facing, and the familys lawyer, Benjamin Crump, said the independent autopsy contradicted the assertion by the police that he was a threat.  Photo  Mr. Crump said the results proved that Mr. Clark could not have been moving toward the officers in a threatening fashion when they opened fire.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  These findings from the independent autopsy contradict the police narrative that weve been told, he said. This independent autopsy affirms that Stephon was not a threat to police and was slain in another senseless police killing under increasingly questionable circumstances.  Outside experts who have examined the case say it will be difficult to determine whether the officers could be held criminally accountable. The Supreme Court has sided with the police in fatal shootings if it is shown that officers reasonably believe their lives were in danger.  Justin Nix, who teaches policing at the University of Nebraska Omaha, said, Any police shooting on camera is going to look bad. But when the guy is on his stomach and they continue to shoot, a lot of people are going to be bothered by it.  Mr. Nix agreed the autopsy undercut the polices version of events, but said: Hes facing slightly in their direction. And it is possible they felt he was still reaching for what they thought was a gun.  David A. Harris, a professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law who studies police accountability, said the officers were at a disadvantage because they were relying on information about the suspect from a police helicopter circling overhead.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Race/Related Newsletter Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with a diverse group of New York Times journalists. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Once they confront the suspect however, the officers order Mr. Clark to show his hands, rather than raise his hands, which Mr. Clark may have been doing when he was shot, Mr. Harris said.  But he said that if the officers perceived that Mr. Clark was armed and moving toward them, they are trained to shoot. It is not clear they could have done anything differently, he said.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The shots to Mr. Clarks back were not enough by itself to seal a negative judgment, he said. In part because, the victims body may have turned after the shooting began, and it is still unclear whether they could see that he had turned.  The Sacramento police chief, Daniel Hahn, requested assistance from the California Department of Justice earlier this week, headed by Attorney General Xavier Becerra, to join the departments investigation as an independent party. Mr. Hahn said he hoped that step would reassure residents that the investigation would be impartial.  The episode began when two officers were dispatched to the Meadowview neighborhood in South Sacramento to investigate a report that someone was breaking car windows. A county sheriffs department helicopter joined the search and hovered above, at one point telling officers that a suspect had picked up a crowbar.  The officers eventually spotted Mr. Clark, who appears to have run from them into his grandmothers backyard. In body camera video, an officer is heard shouting the word gun repeatedly and opening fire almost immediately. No weapon was found on Mr. Clarks body; the only object found was his cellphone.  After other officers arrived, the two officers involved in the shooting muted the audio on their body cameras as they discussed what had happened, which has also drawn criticism.  Mr. Clarks funeral was on Thursday, attended by hundreds of mourners, including the Rev. Al Sharpton and other leaders from the Black Lives Matter movement. Mr. Clarks brother, Stevante, pleaded with supporters not to forget his brother. Protests over the shooting, which have spread nationwide, are planned to continue on Saturday.) = 1
(The images of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. delivering his I Have a Dream speech before a spellbound crowd on the National Mall in August 1963 are etched into history  and the American consciousness  as the defining moment in the struggle for civil rights.  But that reading distorts the movements complex history, reinforcing the perception of Dr. King as an almost divine leader who was solely responsible for healing the nations troubled race relations. Historical images frame our understanding of history , and photographs defined Dr. King in the public imagination, for better or worse. His enemies manipulated photos or gave false captions to discredit him, from accusing him of communist ties to purporting that he encouraged violence during peaceful demonstrations.  African-American newspapers and magazines routinely reported on the details of his life and activism through pictures, years before mainstream publications. And those mass media outlets  though at first circumspect and, in Dr. Kings final years, increasingly critical as he turned his attention to poverty, war and racism outside the South  nevertheless produced a visual narrative that helped transform a regional movement into a national one.) = 1
(To experience Lola Flashs portraits is to come face to face, eye to eye, with a subject who will not stay on the margins or in the shadows. From classic portraits of accomplished older women and rich-hued photos of cultural trendsetters to portraits of people who question gradations of skin color or gender roles, her images are hardly mute. They are strong, dignified, happy and proud.  It helps that for almost all of these images she uses a 4x5 view camera with transparency film, which makes her not only take her time, but also telegraphs to her subject that this sitting is serious business.  Especially now with selfies everywhere and all these people taking pictures of themselves, the camera says to them, Lola Flash is here and she wants someone who looks dignified, she said. Its about beauty, pride and power. Theyre going to sit up straight and strike a pose. For all of my different series, gone are the days of Massa with people slumped over and not being able to look anybody in the face. Now, we stand up straight.) = 1
(It was an opportune moment for Mr. Pecker to showcase his White House connections. He was considering expanding his media and events businesses into Saudi Arabia and also was hunting for moneyed partners in acquisitions.  Photo  The intersection of the tabloid publisher with the Saudis, enhanced by the White House visit, is a previously untold chapter in the long, symbiotic relationship between the president and Mr. Pecker, which was forged in the 1990s. At the time, Mr. Trump was celebrating a real estate comeback after his casino bankruptcies and was both the subject and the source of much gossip in New York.  Mr. Pecker, who had known Mr. Grine only for a few months, invited him to the dinner to thank him for advice he had provided about investing in the Middle East, according to someone who knew of the invitation.  Word soon traveled back to Saudi Arabia about the dinner: It signaled Mr. Peckers powerful status in Washington.  Two months later, he was in Saudi Arabia, meeting with Mr. Grine and the crown prince about business opportunities there, according to A.M.I.  And by January, Mr. Pecker was confident enough about his growing rapport with Saudi investors that he sought their help bankrolling a possible acquisition of Time magazine, which he had long coveted, according to two people with direct knowledge of the talks. A.M.I. disputed that.  The White House did not respond to a request for comment.  The people briefed on the interactions between A.M.I. and Saudi Arabia requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly.  Photo  The outcome of Mr. Peckers efforts to do business with the Saudis remains unclear. But he is still working to cultivate ties. This week, he and Mr. Grine both attended events in New York featuring Prince Mohammed, who is on a tour across the United States.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Ahead of that visit, A.M.I. published a 97-page glossy magazine that is essentially a promotional brochure for Saudi Arabia and the crown prince. It makes no mention of anything troubling, like the Saudi-led military campaign in Yemen, human rights concerns or the crown princes arrest last fall of many extended royals, including Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, an influential client of Mr. Grines.  The magazine  which refers to Saudi Arabia throughout as the Magic Kingdom  includes an interview with Mr. Grine, accompanied by a photo of him posing with Mr. Trump in the Oval Office, taken during his visit with Mr. Pecker. It talks up the relationship between Mr. Trump and the Saudis, noting that Mr. Trump endorsed the crown princes high profile anticorruption crackdown.  A.M.I. has said it produced the magazine to capitalize on interest in the crown prince, who is next in line to the throne, and has been careful to say it received no input or guidance from Saudi officials. That carries important legal implications: Foreign direction or control of such a purely promotional publication may require disclosure to the Justice Department. The Saudi government did not respond to a request for comment.  The magazine  200,000 copies distributed in Walmart and other outlets, with a cover price of $13.99 and no advertising  provided a unique welcome mat for the prince, whose visit comes as the Trump administration is trying to establish tighter ties with the kingdom. Both countries are touting cross-border investment opportunities, including a pledge by the Saudi government to put $20 billion into a fund that will invest in American infrastructure projects. The kingdom is also nearing a deal to buy American-made missiles and other military equipment.  Mr. Grine, a 30-year-old French citizen, has helped broker deals between Saudi investors and companies in France, Senegal and the United States. He and Mr. Pecker were introduced last spring by Ari Emanuel, chief executive of Endeavor, the huge talent, entertainment and sports company based in Beverly Hills, Calif.  Photo  Mr. Grine and Mr. Pecker soon had a series of discussions about the investment landscape in Saudi Arabia, according to a person briefed on the talks. Mr. Pecker extended the White House dinner invitation shortly afterward.  A.M.I. would not say who else was among the select group of friends Mr. Pecker took to the White House at the presidents invitation. During the evening, the Middle East and the recent French elections came up. In a statement, A.M.I. said, The entire conversation was social, with the exception of a couple very brief mentions of current events.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Mr. Pecker is best known for The Enquirer, but his media empire is wide-ranging. A.M.I.s titles include Mens Journal, Hers, Flex and Muscle & Fitness.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  The publisher has used the company at times to protect close friends, including Mr. Trump. Karen McDougal, a former Playboy model, recently filed a lawsuit alleging that Mr. Trumps lawyer was secretly involved when A.M.I. tried to bury her story about an affair with Mr. Trump. A.M.I. bought the rights to her story during the presidential campaign for $150,000 but never published it. In the world of gossip media, such a maneuver is known as a catch and kill operation.  Mr. Trumps lawyer Michael D. Cohen and A.M.I. have denied the allegations. Mr. Trumps representatives say the affair never happened.  During the campaign, The Enquirer also published scathing articles about Mr. Trumps rivals, as well as perceived antagonists like the television host Megyn Kelly. In promoting Mr. Trump, The Enquirer endorsed a candidate for the first time in its history.  Photo  Since he entered the White House, A.M.I. titles have run articles alleging a deep state plot to undermine Mr. Trump. As scandals engulfed the White House, a recent Enquirer cover blared: Donald & Melania Fight Back! Exposing the Lies, Leaks and Intimidation. How Theyll Crush Their Enemies!  The support appears mutual. Mr. Trump at times has praised Mr. Peckers stewardship of A.M.I. He once endorsed Mr. Pecker to run Time magazine, whose cover, Mr. Trump has incorrectly asserted, has featured him more than anyone else.  David Pecker would be a brilliant choice as CEO of TIME Magazine  nobody could bring it back like David! Mr. Trump wrote in a Tweet in 2013.  Asked about Mr. Peckers interest in Time, A.M.I.s chief content officer, Dylan Howard, said, Any media executive worth his or her salt must look at any acquisition opportunity in todays media climate.  A.M.I. has struggled financially. It went through a series of restructurings in the last decade, including a bankruptcy in 2010 in which the company reported up to $1 billion in debts, before being acquired four years ago by two private equity funds.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The company said in a statement that it was in an incredibly stable financial position.  Mr. Pecker has continued to hunt for new acquisitions. Last year, he bought Us Weekly from Wenner Media. But money remained scarce, according to A.M.I.s financial advisers. When Mr. Peckers friend Harvey Weinstein suggested last fall that they team up to purchase Rolling Stone, Mr. Pecker expressed little interest. I can not contribute any cash, he wrote in an email obtained by The New York Times.  In that same Sept. 28 exchange, he wrote to Mr. Weinstein: I am in Saudi Arabia on business. Cant call from here.  During the visit to Saudi Arabia, Mr. Grine arranged for himself and Mr. Pecker to meet with Prince Mohammed, who is the chairman of the kingdoms deep-pocketed Public Investment Fund. At the meeting, Mr. Pecker described his vision for expanding his events business, which includes the Mr. Olympia bodybuilding competition, into Saudi Arabia.) = 1
(In the film, set in 2045, Wade Watts (a young man played by the agreeably bland, blandly agreeable Tye Sheridan) lives in the stacks, a vertical pile of trailers where the poorer residents of Columbus, Ohio (Oklahoma City in the book), cling to hope, dignity and their VR gloves. Humanity has been ravaged by the usual political and ecological disasters (among them bandwidth riots referred to in Wades introductory voice-over), and most people seek refuge in a digital paradise called the Oasis.  That world  less a game than a Jorge Luis Borges cosmos populated by wizards, robots and racecar drivers  is the creation of James Halliday (Mark Rylance). After Hallidays death, his avatar revealed the existence of a series of Easter eggs, or secret digital treasures, the discovery of which would win a lucky player control of the Oasis. Wade is a gunter  short for egg hunter  determined to pursue this quest even after most of the other gamers have tired of it. Among his rivals are a few fellow believers and Nolan Sorrento (Ben Mendelsohn), the head of a company called IOI that wants to bring Hallidays paradise under corporate control.  In the real world, IOI encourages Oasis fans to run up debts that it collects by forcing them into indentured servitude. Sorrentos villainy sets up a battle on two fronts  clashes in the Oasis mirroring chases through the streets of Columbus  that inspires Mr. Spielberg to feats of crosscutting virtuosity. The action is so swift and engaging that some possibly literal-minded questions may be brushed aside. I, for one, didnt quite understand why, given the global reach of the Oasis, all the relevant players were so conveniently clustered in Ohio. (If anyone wants to explain, please find me on Twitter so I can mute you.)  But, of course, Columbus and the Oasis do not represent actual or virtual realities, but rather two different modalities of fantasy. Wades avatar, Parzival, collects a posse of fighters: Sho, Daito, Aech and Art3mis, who is also his love interest. When the people attached to these identities meet up in Columbus, they are not exactly as they are in the game. Aech, large and male in the Oasis, is played by Lena Waithe. But the fluidity of online identity remains an underexploited possibility. In and out of the Oasis, Art3mis (also known as Samantha, and portrayed by Olivia Cooke) is a male fantasy of female badassery. Sho (Philip Zhao) and Daito (Win Morisaki) are relegated to sidekick duty. The multiplayer, self-inventing ethos of gaming might have offered a chance for a less conventional division of heroic labor, but the writers and filmmakers lacked the imagination to take advantage of it.  The most fun part of Ready Player One is its exuberant and generous handing out of pop-cultural goodies. Tribute is paid to Mr. Spielbergs departed colleagues John Hughes and Stanley Kubrick. The visual and musical allusions are eclectic enough that nobody is likely to feel left out, and everybody is likely to feel a little lost from time to time.  Nostalgia? Sure, but what really animates the movie is a sense of history. The Easter egg hunt takes Parzival and his crew back into Hallidays biography  his ill-starred partnership with Ogden Morrow (Simon Pegg), his thwarted attempts at romance  and also through the evolution of video games and related pursuits. The history is instructive and also sentimental in familiar ways, positing a struggle for control between idealistic, artistic entrepreneurs (and their legions of fans) and soulless corporate greedheads.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Halliday is a sweet, shaggy nerd with a guileless Northern California drawl and a deeply awkward manner, especially around women. Sorrento is an autocratic bean counter, a would-be master of the universe who doesnt even like video games. These characters are clichs, but they are also allegorical figures.  In the movie, they represent opposing principles, but in our world, they are pretty much the same guy. A lot of the starry-eyed do-it-yourselfers tinkering in their garages and giving life to their boyish dreams back in the 70s and 80s turned out to be harboring superman fantasies of global domination all along. They shared their wondrous creations and played the rest of us for suckers, collecting our admiration, our attention and our data as profit and feudal tribute.  Mr. Spielberg incarnates this duality as perfectly as any man alive. He is the peer of Steve Jobs and Bill Gates, and a Gandalf for the elves and hobbits who made Google, Facebook and the other components of our present-day Oasis. He has been man-child and mogul, wide-eyed artist and cold-eyed businessman, praised for making so many wonderful things and blamed for ruining everything. His career has been a splendid enactment of the cultural contradictions of capitalism, and at the same time a series of deeply personal meditations on love, loss and imagination. All of that is also true of Hallidays Oasis. Ready Player One is far from a masterpiece, but as the fanboys say, its canon.) = 1
(Lindsay Walters, a White House spokeswoman, told reporters on Thursday that the president has expressed his concerns with Amazon. We have no actions at this time.  Still, Mr. Trumps willingness to again single out Amazon and characterize it as a tax cheat and a job killer is a remarkable use of the presidential bully pulpit that could have serious implications for the company even without any formal moves by the federal government.  His comments have already spooked investors, sending Amazon stocks tumbling Wednesday after an article on the website Axios about his anger toward the company. The stock fell further after his tweet on Thursday, though prices rebounded later.  The tech industry is increasingly on the defensive. Facebook is under attack in Washington for its handling of personal data and the social networks role in the 2016 election. And the recent death of a pedestrian by a self-driving car has renewed criticism of Uber.  The general principle that I know deeply concerns the president is that we need to live in a world where the government sets a level playing field between internet vendors and mom and pop stores, Kevin Hassett, the chair of the presidents council on economic advisers, said Thursday on Fox Business.  Drew Herdener, an Amazon spokesman, declined to comment.  Several current and former officials said that Mr. Trump regularly conflates Amazon with The Post. Mr. Bezos owns the paper privately, separate from his role at Amazon.  Brad Parscale, the presidents 2020 campaign manager, on Thursday channeled Mr. Trumps anger about The Post in a tweet of his own, saying: Do not forget to mention that @amazon has probably 10x the data on every American that @facebook does. All that data and own a political newspaper, The @washingtonpost. Hmm  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  And far-right, conspiracy-fanning websites  some of which Mr. Trump is known to read  have for months stoked the idea that The Post is in cahoots with the C.I.A. because the agency contracts with Amazon to provide cloud-based data storage. Last November, a headline at one of those sites, Infowars, said: BEZOS & DEEP STATE UNITE: AMAZON LAUNCHES CLOUD SERVICE FOR CIA.  The Post declined to comment.  One person close to Mr. Trump, who asked for anonymity to discuss private discussions in the Oval Office, said that the president mused about the issue of Amazon and taxes at least a half-dozen times in the last six months. The president has repeatedly claimed that Amazon costs the Postal Service money even though officials have explained to him that is not the case. Amazon has said that the Postal Regulatory Commission, which oversees the service, has consistently found that its contracts with Amazon are profitable.  People close to Mr. Trump say the president is convinced that Amazon unfairly benefits from tax laws. The internet giant collects sales taxes on its own products in all 45 states that have one, but third-party vendors who sell products on the site often do not collect sales tax, a fact that rivals say is unfair. In addition, some municipalities complain that the company does not collect local taxes.  In April, the Supreme Court will hear arguments in an case on whether to allow states to impose sales taxes on all internet sales. Many observers believe the justices are poised to reverse its 1992 ruling that exempted online retailers with no physical presence in a state.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Mr. Trump hears the sales tax complaints frequently during visits with his wealthy friends at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida, and in meetings at the White House, several aides and associates said. One person familiar with his thinking said that the president believes many of his core supporters are hurt when Amazon disrupts the local businesses where they live.  The presidents critique is shared by some of his usual adversaries in the Democratic Party. Like many of Mr. Trumps wealthy Republican friends, Representative Keith Ellison, Democrat of Minnesota, has been critical of Amazons growing power in the marketplace.  The Trump administration should rein in giants like Amazon because they have an unfair stranglehold on the competition, not because the president has a personal feud with a companys C.E.O., Mr. Ellison said in a statement on Thursday.  There was also some irony in the criticism coming from Mr. Trump, who has boasted about his dexterity in avoiding paying taxes. This is the guy who said that not paying taxes makes me smart, said Matt Gardner, senior fellow at the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a nonpartisan research organization.  How the president could slow Amazon, beyond take to Twitter or complain about the company in speeches, is unclear.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  If Mr. Trump were to pressure the Justice Department to pursue antitrust enforcement action against Amazon, it would be a sharp break from tradition, experts say, because the White House has kept a far distance from those cases for decades.  It would be a gross violation and abuse of our due process, said Diana Moss, president of the American Antitrust Institute.  But the president has repeatedly crossed lines that his predecessors have observed. In the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election, he has pressured Justice Department officials to investigate his Democratic rivals and to abandon the investigation of himself and his associates.  AT&T and Time Warner have suggested Mr. Trump played a role in the Justice Departments decision to block the companies $85.4 billion media merger. Makan Delrahim, the head of antitrust at the Justice Department, has said under oath in Congress that he would not allow the White House to impact his decisions over that merger or any other cases.  Mr. Trump also surprised antitrust experts with his swift decision to block Broadcoms merger with Qualcomm earlier this month, after a review by a government panel on foreign investments. The president has direct authority to block a merger with foreign companies that pose national security concerns.  Amazon has tried, through lobbyists and outside consultants, to meet with administration officials and members of Congress to counter arguments about the companys tax collection and its relationship with the Postal Service.  The size of companys lobbying staff has ballooned in recent years, according to public filings, focusing largely on drones, transportation, taxes and cybersecurity. It has hired antitrust consultants over the past year.  In 2015, shortly after Mr. Trump started his attacks against the company, Mr. Bezos joked on Twitter about sending the candidate into space on a rocket made by Blue Origin, a space exploration start-up Mr. Bezos owns.  But when Mr. Trump became the Republican nominee and then president, Mr. Bezos and Amazon stopped responding to his attacks, seeing little upside in a public quarrel with him, according to two people briefed on the decision. The people, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the conversations were private, said that these days, Mr. Trumps tweets were more likely to prompt eye-rolling inside the company than any serious effort at crisis control.) = 1
(Photo  The Windows era at Microsoft, long in eclipse, is officially history.  Microsoft said on Tuesday that it was splitting up its Windows engineering team and that the leader of its Windows business was leaving.  The moves, analysts said, were part of a reorganization intended to accelerate Microsofts emphasis on newer, faster-growing businesses like cloud computing and data-fueled artificial intelligence. That shift, they noted, has been underway since Satya Nadella became chief executive in 2014.  In an email to employees, Mr. Nadella cited the central role of cloud computing and the advances in artificial intelligence  and their potential across all the companys products. The organizational overhaul, Mr. Nadella wrote, enables us to step up to this opportunity.  Terry Myerson, 45, executive vice president of Microsofts Windows and devices group, will be departing. In a separate email to employees, Mr. Myerson said that he supported the companys evolution under Mr. Nadella.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  I believe in it, and these changes are great for Microsoft, wrote Mr. Myerson, who worked for the company for 21 years.) = 1
(Many other species at Dr. Voyless research sites in Panama suffered the same grim fate. As had frogs around the world. Dr. Voyles and other frog researchers found that many of the dead frogs were covered with the same aggressive skin fungus, known as Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis or Bd.  As Bd spread from forest to forest, and continent to continent, researchers feared that amphibians might suffer mass extinctions. Today, many species of frogs and toads are still dwindling, and some have disappeared altogether.  But scientists like Dr. Voyles have also found a little cause for hope: a handful of species appear to be coming back. After discovering variable harlequin frogs again, she and her colleagues have returned to their Panama research sites and found a few other species that had previously vanished.  Theyre not in large numbers  their abundances are low, Dr. Voyles said. But we think that as more time goes by, well find more species that we thought were lost.  Now scientists are trying to figure out what accounts for these rebounds. On Thursday, Dr. Voyles and her colleagues published evidence suggesting that the frogs have gained potent defenses in their skin against the fungus.  Photo  But other experts are divided about whether the researchers found a cause of the rebound. Its possible that there are other causes at work. Even climate change  which is posing its own threats to many frog species  may be temporarily helping some frogs withstand the fungus.  When Dr. Voyles rediscovered a few vanished frog species, she initially suspected that the Bd fungus was becoming less deadly. In outbreaks of other pathogens, they have sometimes evolved into milder forms that no longer wipe out the hosts they depend on for their survival.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  To test that idea, Dr. Voyles and her colleagues got hold of frozen Bd samples gathered in Panama in 2004, early in the epidemic. They infected frogs with the old fungus, and observed how it compared to new strains of Bd. Its still pretty lethal over a decade later, Dr. Voyles said. So I was wrong.  Dr. Voyles was left with the possibility that the frogs themselves had changed. At first she found this idea unlikely, because there hadnt been much time for the frogs to evolve. While Bd can multiply in a matter of days, it can take many months for a frog to develop into a sexually mature adult.  She tested the hypothesis anyway. Dr. Voyles and her colleagues knew that frogs fight infections with potent skin secretions containing pathogen-killing molecules. Dr. Voyles and other researchers have found that when they add skin secretions to lab-grown Bd, it slows down the funguss growth.  Dr. Voyles wondered if frogs had acquired more potent skin secretions, allowing them to rebound. To test that possibility, she and her colleagues collected skin secretions from captive frogs in the Maryland Zoo. The frogs descend from ancestors that had been captured in Panama before the Bd epidemic.  The researchers added skin secretions from captive frogs to petri dishes of growing Bd. They then measured how much the frogs secretions slowed down the funguss growth.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  They then carried out the same treatment with skin secretions taken from rebounding populations of wild frogs. The researchers found a big difference between the two trials.  We had multiple species that were between two and fivefold different in their effectiveness, said Dr. Voyles, which is pretty striking.  Dr. Voyles speculated that some species of frogs included a few mutants with skin secretions that were effective against Bd. While many other frogs died off, the mutants survived and passed down their defensive genes.  James P. Collins, an evolutionary ecologist at Arizona State University, said he found Dr. Voyless explanation compelling. This would be the first candidate Id put on the table, he said.  But Karen R. Lips of the University of Maryland wasnt persuaded that the researchers made a convincing case for skin secretions. They dont actually provide data that really supports that, she said.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  To determine how much good skin secretions do, Dr. Lips said, it would be necessary to infect frogs and see whether stronger skin secretions actually keep more frogs alive.  Dr. Lipss skepticism comes from her own research on frog defenses. In some of her studies, she focuses not on skin secretions, but on the genes involved in the frog immune system.  She and her colleagues have found that some frogs respond to infections by switching on many of these genes and using them to make lots of immune-related proteins. But those frogs all die, along with the frogs that have a weaker genetic response.  Their genes are going crazy, but it doesnt matter, Dr. Lips said.  Its possible that the immune system of frogs will turn out to be a key to the rebound of some species, or their skin secretions  or both. Its also possible that other factors matter.  The Bd fungus can grow only in cool temperatures. If some frogs moved down to lower altitudes where its warmer, they might be spared.  You wind up selecting for animals that like to live in some spots as opposed to animals that live in cooler, shady spots, Dr. Collins said.  In some places, the frogs may not even have to move to gain this protection. In February, a team of Spanish researchers reported that three species of frogs in Spain are growing in numbers, even though Bd is present in the country and it can infect all the species there. They concluded that global warming is raising the temperature where the frogs live, keeping the fungus in check.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  In these cases, the frogs may be getting only a temporary reprieve. Their habitats may eventually get too hot not only for the fungus, but for the frogs themselves.  The skin secretion part of the story is probably not the only thing thats going on, Dr. Voyles acknowledged. Theres probably lots of different reasons why different species have survived and, in some cases, recovered.  Dr. Voyles also emphasized that the recovery of a few species was no reason to lean back and assume that nature would take care of the Bd crisis.  I want to put out the message that this is still bad, she said. The rebound, she argues, definitely is a glimmer of hope. But it does not mean by any means that everything is back and there is no problem.) = 1
(Sarah Blesener spent most of 2016 at Russian patriotic camps and schools photographing teenagers learning military tactics and love of country. She had hoped her images would spark conversations about the polarization and nationalist rhetoric that marked the last United States presidential campaign.  They did not.  The overwhelming response from Americans when her photographs were published last year centered on Russian nationalism and the moral dilemmas surrounding militarization of youth. The most common reaction, she said, was that other people are nationalists, but Americans are patriots.  With that in mind, Ms. Blesener, 26, turned to exploring the myriad programs that teach patriotic values and military skills to about 400,000 American children and teenagers. Many were similar to the Russian programs, though she said there was less military training in the United States. She eventually settled on 10 programs, including Utah Patriot Camp, the Border Patrol Explorer program, Young Marines and the Junior R.O.T.C. program.) = 1
(Alexa & Katie doesnt mess around  it opens in a childrens hospital, from which Alexa is desperate to be discharged so she can start her freshman year.  Ms. Wordham and the showrunner, Matthew Carlson (Malcolm in the Middle), use this premise to give a twist to familiar story lines about wanting to fit in. Alexa wants to be normal, and she lashes out when she feels that shes being pitied or given special treatment, leading to awkward situations with her overly protective mom (Tiffani Thiessen) and the math nerd she has a crush on (Jack Griffo). Her cancer  whose only visible consequence is hair loss, leading to a season-long focus on baldness and wigs  is like a mean parent, keeping her off the basketball team and forcing her to miss the school dance.  As a comedy, Alexa & Katie is about average, or a little below, if graded against the cable shows it resembles. But its a little more tough-minded than you might expect. The cancer theme leads to sentimentality, of course, but its also used to roughen Alexas edges: While she complains about being singled out, she also doesnt mind taking advantage of her invalid status when it suits her.  With On My Block, the audience age range moves up a few years, and the TV comparisons shift to Freeform and MTV. The 10-episode series was created by Lauren Iungerich, Eddie Gonzalez and Jeremy Haft. Ms. Iungerich created Awkward, one of the best teenage comedies of recent years, for MTV.  Photo  Ms. Iungerich grew up in Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif., and Awkward was set in that largely white and Asian-American environment. With On My Block, shes stayed in Southern California but shifted the demographics, setting the show in a fictional section of Los Angeles called Freeridge, whose residents are predominantly Latino and African-American.  The show has drawn praise for promoting diversity, but its most distinctive feature is Ms. Iungerichs sensibility, the same one she brought to Awkward: a kind of deadpan burlesque in which the jokes hit on the downbeat, and the young characters, no matter how bright, seem to exist in a constant state of irritable confusion.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  On My Block is a coming-of-age story built around a love quadrangle  two girls (Sierra Capri and Ronni Hawk) and two boys (Diego Tinoco and Jason Genao) trying to sort out their mutual attractions and jealousies. A fifth friend played by Brett Gray, whose slightly abrasive style calls to mind Kevin Hart or (very distantly) a young Eddie Murphy, provides the pure comic relief in a subplot about an urban buried-treasure legend.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  On My Block has the off-center charm and quirky comic rhythms Ms. Iungerich is known for, but it has a problem thats tied to its setting. The stumbling block Ms. Iungerich has chosen for her young characters is the gang life: One of the boys is expected to join his older brothers gang, which threatens to break up the fam (the group of friends) as well as the central romance.  Theres nothing necessarily wrong with that as a dramatic device (besides overuse), but its uncomfortably out of proportion in a half-hour teenage comedy. The shifts from football game high jinks or a characters apple-bong-toking abuelita to the question of whether to shoot another teenager in the head are disconcerting, to say the least.  If neither cancer diagnoses nor street gangs are your idea of a childrens-comedy premise, you might shift your gaze from Netflix to Amazon, where The Dangerous Book for Boys has its premiere on Friday. In this fictionalization of the fanciful boys-life handbooks written by Conn and Hal Iggulden, the central conflict involves a family whose three young boys are recovering from the death of their gadget-inventing father. Warmhearted and perhaps imaginary adventures ensue, facilitated by the fathers identical twin (played by the always engaging Chris Diamantopoulos). If you like your nostalgia straight up, without Stranger Things-style monsters, it might be for you.) = 1
(Between the hassle of flying, jet lag and hauling your luggage around, traveling is challenging enough without worrying about looking fashionable while you do it. But Kate Young, a New York-based stylist who counts actresses Margot Robbie and Michelle Williams among her clients, says that it doesnt take a lot of effort to look stylish on the road.  Anyone can look chic while traveling, and theres no need to spend a lot or pack a lot to do it, Ms. Young said. She noted that she travels several times a month and rarely checks in a bag. Here are her best tips to traveling light and looking good at the same time.  Pack Clothes In Three Coordinating Colors  When deciding what clothes to pack, choose pieces in three matching colors so you can mix and match each piece to create multiple outfits for different days, or even different occasions. Pick the colors based on where youre going.  If youre headed to Paris or another urban destination, for example, any combination of black, white, navy and charcoal is a good bet. For a beach vacation or outdoors excursion, khaki, off-white (or white) and bright hues like orange or yellow always work. Ms. Young likes white linen in particular because its cool in warm weather, can be worn during the day and is also nice for evenings out. And when it comes to the actual articles of clothing to take, Ms. Young said that a pair of jeans, a pair of nice pants, a striped button down, a blazer and a comfortable T-shirt are always good options. Ideally, you should be wearing each piece two or three times on your trip, she said. Anything less is a waste of space.) = 1
(It was his longstanding friendship with Ms. Forbes that softened his stance and led him to award her the stage rights. They met in 1994, when Ms. Forbes was a freshman at Howard University and Mr. Coates was a sophomore; they helped organize a hip-hop and poetry cypher on campus that year and remained close ever since. Knowing Kam, theres nobody else I would have trusted to do it, Mr. Coates said.  But rather than providing input, Mr. Coates decided to remove himself from the process entirely and give Ms. Forbes full artistic control. When Ms. Forbes tried showing Mr. Coates some of the more aggressive edits, he declined to look at all. Kam has the freedom to pursue her truth. She dont need me breathing down her neck, he said, adding jokingly: Ill give you my review next week. Well see if this friendship is still a thing.  At a rehearsal at the Apollo on Friday, Mr. Moran sat at a grand piano on a platform far above the stage, attacking taut arpeggio patterns with the bassist Mimi Jones and the drummer Nate Smith. Mr. Moran, a MacArthur fellow and composer behind the score for the 2014 film Selma, nonetheless approached the project with trepidation. I usually think that nothing needs music because I love silence so much, he said.  Photo  Onstage, his anxious chords matched the books seething tone and simmering tension. What I like about the book is that theres no soft edge on it, Mr. Moran said. Im trying to make sure I dont soften anything up. Behind and below him, the projections, by the artist Tal Yarden, flashed across multiple screens, showing the smiling face of Prince Jones, or two black hands outstretched in surrender or protest.  To adapt the book, Ms. Forbes enlisted two dramaturges, Lauren A. Whitehead and Talvin Wilks, who faced the challenge of paring down a text that, under 200 pages, was already concise. They decided to use the poetry technique of erasure, which consists of blacking out portions of a larger text, to expose terse emotional outbursts and visually arresting moments.  In his book, for example, Mr. Coates wrote about Joness murder: This entire episode took me from fear to a rage that burned in me then, animates me now, and will likely leave me on fire for the rest of my days.  In the production, the sentence became: This entire episode took me from fear to / rage / Fire for the rest of my days.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The process stripped away Mr. Coatess sober tone, Ms. Whitehead said, revealing that there was actually a voice of rage.  Photo  Ms. Forbes and the two dramaturges started to develop the work at an intensive two-week residency at Sundance in December along with four actors, including the Tony-nominated actress Michelle Wilson (Sweat), who will perform in Mondays show. The reading sessions were filled with discussions, arguments and crying.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Race/Related Newsletter Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with a diverse group of New York Times journalists. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  The first day was so emotionally and spiritually exhausting, Ms. Wilson said.  Eventually, the team whittled down the book into a 90-minute presentation consisting of 21 excerpts from the book. The cast, which will be different for each performance and includes Susan Kelechi Watson, Joe Morton and Pauletta Washington, will not memorize lines but rather will rely on scripts onstage to channel the effect of reading something powerful for the first time.  Some excerpts will be read verbatim, while other poetic passages will be less recognizable, with dialogue being passed back and forth among actors. One of those moments, which captures Mr. Coates whirlwind education at Howard, relies on overlap and speed, Ms. Whitehead said. You have this feeling of vertigo, which is what he was experiencing when he was learning all these other black narratives he had never heard before.  In Harlem, the production will be seen by thousands, including the one person the book was meant for originally. Mr. Coates said that his son, Samori, whom Between the World and Me is addressed to, will be in the audience. He will watch as an intensely personal letter will be transformed into a communal performance.  Though there are no concrete plans for further shows, Ms. Forbes said she will observe how the text from three years ago plays to an already drastically changed world and think about how the project could continue and evolve.  If there isnt an immediate resonant response, for at least the work weve set out to do, weve got to change it, she said. Its not just a reflection: I see this work as a call to action.) = 1
(The radiant photograph shows Duke Ellington at the piano, his hands dancing across the keyboard. Behind him, a drummer lifts his arms joyously in the air. It is the type of club photo we have seen many times, often taken in famous venues like the Savoy Ballroom, Caf Society or the Cotton Club.  Except this one was taken in Seattle, a city known more for grunge than great jazz.  The image appears in Seattle on the Spot: The Photographs of Al Smith, an exhibition at the Museum of History and Industry in Seattle, a city that played only a modest role in American jazz history. Mr. Smiths photos tell a compelling story, not just about the citys jazz scene but also about the complexity of life in an African-American community cloistered within a largely white, and for many decades, de facto segregated city. Organized by Howard Giske, the museums curator of photography and a friend of Mr. Smiths, the exhibition is accompanied by a catalog with essays by Mr. Giske and the historians Jacqueline E. A. Lawson and QuinNita Cobbins; the jazz critic Paul de Barros; and the photographers son, Al Smith Jr., known as Butch.) = 1
(Adam Ferguson was named Photographer of the Year in the 75th Pictures of the Year International competition, for work on assignment for The New York Times. Newspaper Photographer of the Year went to Magnus Wennman of Aftonbladet, a Swedish tabloid.  Mr. Fergusons entry mainly consisted of three stories: a detention camp in Papua New Guinea for refugees seeking asylum in Australia; Nigerian girls that Boko Haram recruited as suicide bombers; and a road trip through Australias outback, where he was born.  Last year was pivotal to Mr. Fergusons development as a photographer. Often photographers, particularly younger ones, emulate other photographers till they find their feet in the profession, he said.) = 1
(For the first third of the episode, its not even clear that Bibby actually knows how to cut hair  hes too busy doing everything but. He eventually does a skillful job shaping up his girlfriends crusty-nosed son. But thats no help to Al, whos still no closer to receiving that off-site haircut he was promised.  They make their way from one impromptu stop to the next, with Bibby filling Al in on all his other side hustles. Theres selling cable plans, peddling (probably stolen) cellphones, concert promoting and even construction. Al seethes as Bibby spends the day shouting hollow assurances to anyone wholl listen. Swear to God! Im on my way! Five more minutes!  A trip to the barbershop is usually such a time suck in the first place, Al would have done just as well to stay put and wait for the guy to leave and return. Instead, hes suckered into a conciliatory lunch, which turns out to be Bibbys room temperature doggy bag scraps. Al is coaxed into helping Bibby load his truck with construction site lumber, which turns out to be reconfiscated goods from an unsuspecting, irate client. Al even gets ridiculed by Bibbys son. When Bibby catches him on the street skipping school, the teen doesnt hesitate to take a dig at the rappers raggedy head. The worst of it comes when Bibby rear-ends a car while hes lecturing his son about truancy. As the other driver wails in agony, they quickly flee the scene (hey, Bibby has warrants, Als holding weed and the sons unlicensed).  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  They arrive back at the shop and Bibby seems unfazed by it all, as though its just another day in the life. It takes Al a full 20 minutes of potentially incriminating shenanigans before he finally lays his hands on this man in anger, a fact that requires more than a little suspension of disbelief, considering hes shot a man for less.  But when we see him finally get that fresh cut from Bibby, it all starts to make an inkling of sense. No right-thinking adult would suffer through the events of Als day. But that cut did look pretty Hollywood.  Plus, when Al returned to the shop for a follow-up appointment, but jilted Bibby in favor of a different barber, we saw the true crux of the code. Al had been ordering the usual for so long, he didnt even know how to describe what he liked to someone new. All he could do was sit back in that cape, suck his teeth in frustration and listen to the clippers buzz.  A Few Bibby-isms   I thought quince meant 18! Whatd she have on a wedding dress for?! A statutory rape gag? Thats a pretty tasteless way to tip off an otherwise goofy romp of an episode.   She said she didnt trust me around rubber and wood. She hid her own plunger! Now thats more like the usual left-field Atlanta humor.   His carburetor had jaundice! How can a girl stay mad at a guy who lies so hilariously?   Whys he wearing a cape? the crust-nosed kid asked. Hes a magician! Bibby explains, as Al gives a half-hearted flourish.) = 1
(Hannah Reyes Morales photographed more than 20 corpses, as well as police officers and grieving families throughout Manila in 2016.  She was not alone.  Many local and international photographers were often nearby documenting the death toll from the brutal war on drugs started by Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippine president.  After a few nights, she grew tired of photographing the murder scenes that dominated the coverage. She admired her colleagues commitment to documenting the killings, but she felt she had little to add that was new. Instead, she turned her attention to the residents of the densely packed slums where most of the bodies were found.) = 1
(John Legend (Jesus)  Photo  On religion I grew up in a Pentecostal Christian family, pretty fundamentalist. My grandfather was my pastor growing up. My dad is a pastor himself and played drums in the church choir, my mother was a choir director, and my grandmother was the church organist. My dad would even play Jesus in some of our passion plays in church. Im not religious now, I would say, but theres no way that you are raised in that environment, and also grow up singing that music, without it having an impact on your life.  On musicals My first contact with Andrew Lloyd Webber was in a show choir, Glee-style, where we would sing show tunes. And I was in a few actual theater productions  Big River, Fiddler on the Roof, and Youre a Good Man, Charlie Brown  when I was in high school. The hardest part now was just learning all the material  Im so used to performing songs that I wrote for myself.  On Jesus Preparing for this particular role is not just about understanding historical Jesus. A lot of it goes back to thinking about love, and what that means  love for the people who are close to you, but also for mankind, and what that means when it comes to thinking about the sacrifice that he was willing to make.  On Superstar The show is an interesting conceit  the idea of thinking about the real human emotions that someone that a lot of people see as a deity may have felt; the idea that he might have felt doubt and fear and resentment toward his father; the idea that he was betrayed by his friends. And, in this show, Andrew and Tim suggest that Judas may have had a point  Judas may have had really good reasons for questioning Jesuss m.o.  Brandon Victor Dixon (Judas)  Photo  On religion I grew up in the Episcopal Church, went to private school in that church, went to chapel every day. It was a constant through my adolescence. Then we started to shift, to the Unitarian church. Now, spirituality plays a role in my life, but not religion. For me religion is a political construct, and spirituality is a community construct, and theres a real difference.  On musicals I work in musical theater because people keep writing quality stories in the genre, and Im really all about investing in a piece that says something about our current time, that is a reflection on who we are today.  On Judas What Ive learned is that Judas is far less culpable of the things that he is accused of than people assume. Judas feels acutely a perversion of the message, and he also feels the danger of the message getting out of control  of dedication and love and unity and community turning into fanaticism and zealotry.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  On Superstar I had never seen the show, had never heard the soundtrack  I really had no clue until I got this job. I watched the movie up until Judas was dead  that probably says something about my own personal character  and then we were in rehearsal and I overheard the musical director saying something about You know, after Judas comes back  and I was like, What? Judas comes back? And I went home and I finished the movie and found out Judas comes back and sings the best song in the entire show. I was floored.  Sara Bareilles (Mary Magdalene)  Photo  On religion Im definitely someone who has faith and a belief in God and the workings of the universe at large, but I dont subscribe to a particular doctrine. I grew up Catholic, and I went to Catholic school, so the story of Jesus and the crucifixion are very near and dear to my heart. I still go to Catholic Mass with my parents when I go home. The ritual and the familiarity and the comfort of our church community growing up is something I look back on really fondly now, even though I dont go to church any more.  On musicals Its this medium that exists somewhere between feet-on-the-ground and lifting off. Its sort of elevated reality, where you get to tell really beautiful stories, but everything is slightly surreal, and I really love what unlocks emotionally for people.  On Mary Magdalene Shes actually a very powerful figure, and she is really motivated by her love for Jesus and his message. Historically, she was definitely a disciple and a believer and a champion of his message. Shes got laser focus on her support of Jesus, in my interpretation, and thats how Im coming to it, with a pure sense of the ultimate kind of love for someone.  On Superstar I rented the film  I was probably 12 or 13 and I was really into a lot of Andrew Lloyd Webbers musicals at the time, and I was listening to everything I could get my hands on. I remember just being really emotional about the music. What was so avant-garde and so revolutionary about Tim and Andrews approach was that they really emphasized the humanity of these figures that have become so mythologized for us over the years. For someone who grew up in the church, as intimate as your relationship to Jesus can be, its really interesting and nuanced to look at him as a human and to look at Mary as a human and Judas as a human.  Alice Cooper (King Herod)  Photo  On religion My dad was a pastor. My grandfather was an evangelist. And my wifes father is a Baptist pastor. I was basically the prodigal child  I grew up in the church, went as far away as you could possibly go, and then came back. When I got sober, I started understanding  I had all the fame and the money and everything that went with it, but I started realizing what was important to me was my relationship with Jesus Christ, who I just absolutely torture in this show.  I study the Bible every morning. When Im at home I have a Wednesday morning mens Bible study. I pray before every show. I go to church every Sunday with my wife and kids. I dont think Ive ever been more happy in my life. People say, Think of all you gave up to be a Christian. What did I give up? Dying of alcoholism? Im not giving anything up. Im giving it back, to him.  On musicals I am just fascinated by the musical. One of my Sirius stations is always Broadway. A Chorus Line was one of the greatest ones. And Guys and Dolls  my dad was a big fan of Damon Runyon.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  When I was 16, we had a band called The Spiders, in Phoenix, and we got a call for a production of Bye Bye Birdie  Would you guys be the Birdies? So we got to be in this run, in real theater. That may have been where the whole Alice Cooper theatrics came from.  On Herod I think hes going to be sort of an Elvis impersonator  Im all in gold, and Ive got a gold suit on that fits really good. The director wants this guy to be half rock star, half king. Thats how I want to play this. This Herod is a swirling mass of paranoia and ego. He starts out being very egocentric, but hes getting angrier and angrier as it goes along, and pretty soon at the very end hes right in Jesuss face  hes so tired of this guy.  On Superstar There has never been a character in history that has ever had more written about him than Jesus Christ. Theres an underlying thing that everybody still wants to know who this guy was.) = 1
(The bill was seen as a repudiation of Mr. Trumps budget requests. The president, for instance, had asked lawmakers to eliminate the advanced projects agency, saying that such research was best left to the private sector. But even Republicans balked.  If anything, that political fight obscured the magnitude of what happened. Tarak Shah, a former chief of staff to the under secretary for science and energy, pointed out that at the Paris climate conference in 2015, President Barack Obama set a goal of doubling federal investment in clean energy research. At the time, that seemed impossible. But during the Trump era, Congress has essentially put the country one-fifth of the way there.  The spending bill, Mr. Shah said, is absolutely huge for energy innovation. (For more on why experts think such innovation is crucial for tackling climate change, see this article.)  One notable dynamic here: A number of Republicans who dont typically talk about global warming have nonetheless been eager to support clean energy research in recent years. The one thing we do better than any country in the world is innovation through research, said Senator Lamar Alexander, Republican of Tennessee, at an advanced projects agency conference this month. We must be careful not to lose this advantage.  Its a story weve seen repeatedly of late. When the solar and wind industries warned last year that the tax overhaul bill would cripple renewable energy investment, Republicans like Senator Rob Portman of Ohio stepped in. Mr. Portmans state is a major manufacturer of wind turbine components and has more than 100,000 jobs in clean energy industries.) = 1
(The night before, I had imbibed at various bars, handing out the $60 or so in my wallet as tips to bartenders kind enough to work a holiday. As the first days of January passed, I never bothered to go to an A.T.M. and withdraw a wad of cash. I didnt need to.  Here in New York City, as well as just about everywhere these days, its possible to pay for nearly everything with a card or a phone.  I paid for my morning coffee using the Starbucks app on my iPhone, picked up lunches with a credit card and ordered-in the occasional dinner using Seamless. One day I went to get some vegetarian tacos at Dos Toros and happily discovered that the fast casual chain was one of those restaurants that have stopped accepting cash altogether.  Grocery shopping was similarly easy, our kitchen restocked using a mix of Amazon.com, Fresh Direct and trips to my local market, where I paid with a credit card. And so it went. Before I knew it, February had arrived and my wallet was still empty.  Photo  I vividly remember the first time I heard someone describe a world without cash. It was 2012, and I was at an event in London, listening to Ajay Banga, the chief executive of Mastercard, extol the virtues of digital currencies and the problems with paper money.  Cash, he argued, enabled all sorts of bad behavior. Drug dealers, illicit arms traders, tax evaders and sex traffickers all rely on cash, he said. Make cash obsolete and those nefarious activities get much more difficult. Plus, cash is dirty, a vector for germs and disease.  It was a compelling argument, but at the time, my wallet stuffed with colorful plasticy pounds, I thought he was crazy. Old habits die hard, and humans have been using cash, in one form or another, for roughly 7,000 years.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Plus, forsaking cash can be more difficult for the bankless, many of whom have been through economic crises and are ineligible for credit cards and bank accounts. (Though its getting easier, thanks to the efforts of companies like PayPal.)  Yet since that trip to London, Mr. Bangas words have been rattling around my head, and sure enough, Ive found myself relying less and less on cash.  A big reason for my increasing reliance on digital payments is that if you sign up for the right card and dont carry a balance, credit cards can be a great deal. Last year, I got the Chase Sapphire Reserve card, which caused a frenzy when it was released. Yes, it costs $450 a year, but it quickly delivered $1,500 worth of travel credits.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Then last month, I signed up for the Amazon Prime Rewards card, which gives me 5 percent back on all purchases on Amazon and at Whole Foods, two major cost centers for our household. These arent exactly life-changing windfalls, but the benefits accrue over time, something cash cant offer.  To be sure, there have been some downsides along the way. Chief among them: Tipping isnt easy.  As I checked out of a hotel in Charleston, S.C., I didnt have anything to offer the valet, which made me look  and feel  cheap. The next week I got a haircut. I paid for the trim with my card, but my barber accepted tips only in cash. Again I felt miserly.  And when I got an overpriced drink with some New York Times colleagues at the steakhouse below our newsroom, I had to add my tip to the credit card bill, a decidedly less satisfying experience than leaving a few singles on the bar.  There were other instances when I missed cash, too. When panhandlers asked me for spare change, I had nothing to offer and felt a pang of guilt. One day, I was late to pick up my toddlers from day care, and the school demanded $50 in cash. Rather than consent, I fought the charge and got away with a warning, but it was a close call.  Photo  Another time, I took the kids to a carousel only to discover it was cash only. Luckily my cousin was with us and lent me $4, narrowly averting a very public temper tantrum.  My wife saved the day more than once, tipping hotel cleaners and paying the occasional babysitter and cleaning lady with cash. And some studies show that using credit cards encourages people to spend more than they otherwise would.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  For the most part, however, I realized Id be totally fine if cash went the way of the fax machine.  Recently, I got back in touch with Mr. Banga of Mastercard, wanting to compare notes. He said that while he didnt see cash disappearing entirely anytime soon, he  no surprise  had mostly let it go.  I use very little cash in the course of a month, he said. Mostly just for tipping.  Like Mr. Banga, Im not saying Ill never use cash again. I will give it out to the homeless and tip hardworking service employees. But if the day comes when cash disappears altogether, you wont hear me complaining.  In February, I set out on a trip to Southern California, my wallet still empty. I Ubered to the airport in New York, Ubered to the hotel in Los Angeles and used the usual variety of digital payments to get around, eat and shop. Cash didnt just seem nonessential; it was practically invisible.  Then one night in Ojai, Calif., my own cashless streak came to an end. I was out for dinner with my family and some old friends, and I picked up the bill, putting it on my Sapphire Reserve card. I was planning to treat the table, but before I noticed what was happening, my friend tossed two $20 bills on top of my wallet and said thanks.  That was that. I picked up the bills, briefly enjoying their familiar crinkle, and slipped them in my wallet.  The next morning, I dropped by a coffee shop in downtown Ojai and ordered a black coffee and blueberry bran muffin. The bill was $7.38.  I paid in cash and put $1 in the tip jar.) = 1
(If youre deemed trustworthy, introductions are made, phone numbers are shared and people just appear to tell their stories.  Pubs help.  Here in Pyramid Hill, we arrived and dropped our bags in a couple of rooms at the Victoria Hotel around 3 p.m. on Monday. A few hours later, the local mayor stopped by for a chat and a beer on her way home from work.  The local footy coach sat at the other end of the bar, beneath fading photos from decades past, and thanks to David Demaine, our friendly publican, I quickly discovered that the coach was married to the principal of the local public school, Pyramid Hill College.  She appeared a few minutes later, not just at the pub, but at my table.  No wonder writers love these kinds of towns.  E.B. White, who inspired me as a child with Charlottes Web and again as a young reporter with his signature essay, Here is New York, lived on a farm in rural Maine for 48 years.  Tim Winton, even as he promotes a new novel called The Shepherds Hut, still deliberately avoids telling anyone where he can be found in Western Australia to preserve the peace and quiet of his coastal community.  And then theres Gerald Murnane, the Australian literary savant who has landed in Goroke, a stretch of remote Victoria a few hours from where I am.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Im half tempted to try to make the trip after reading this weeks fantastic profile of him in The New York Times Magazine. With minimal effort, I imagine I could find a way to fit in at the mens shed where he and a bunch of other retirees spend a lot of time tinkering and talking.  The shed reminded me a bit of the Op Shop here. (For the non-Aussies, thats a vintage store, the opportunity shop, which sells donated goods, in this case to benefit the local nursing home.)  I stopped in Tuesday afternoon and bought three antique port glasses from a couple of older volunteers who were mending dresses for some Filipino girls at the local Catholic school.  Each glass cost me  go on, guess.  Try 20 cents.  The woman who sold them to me wrapped them carefully in gray paper to ensure they made it back to Sydney, and as we chatted about how the town was changing with the influx of Filipinos (more on that in a future story), I started to wonder what else I might buy.  There was a big for sale sign out in front of the pub.  Photo  My room was comfortable and clean. The place had good bones, solid wood floors, lots of space and decent water pressure.  Would it be weird for The New York Times to buy into a piece of regional Australian life? Would it even be possible?  Probably not. But in a place this friendly and quiet, its a ribbon of thought that keeps twirling.  Now for the weeks reads  and a call for your recommendations about what to listen to, read or watch to better understand regional Australia.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Share your ideas in our Facebook group or by emailing nytaustralia@nytimes.com  and tell your friends to sign up for this newsletter and send their suggestions too!  ______  Photo  Australians often ask me why Americans are so obsessed with guns, but what were witnessing now is a historic push in the other direction.  Last Saturday, vast crowds of demonstrators gathered across the United States to protest gun violence. It was a triumph of organic, youthful grass-roots energy and sophisticated, experienced organizational muscle.  In one poignant moment, Emma Gonzlez, a survivor of last months shooting in Parkland, Fla., read the names of the victims before staring ahead for 4 minutes and 26 seconds to convey the length of the attack.  You can see dispatches from our reporters on the ground and analysis of what this means for the future of gun policy in the U.S., here.  ______  Photo  Who is Stormy Daniels?  Read about her life and reputation  starting back when she was just Stephanie Clifford, a Floridian with ambition  before she took on her pornographic stage name, and long before she shook Washington with her claims to have had an affair with President Trump.  Then read about how shes out-Trumping Trump, according to our TV critic.  ______  Photo  Lots of things are signs of status: cars, handbags, shoes, watches. And fish  the ones that get plastic surgery.  The idea of cosmetic surgery for a fish may sound extreme, Amy Qin writes in her story from Singapore. But the Asian arowana is not your average pet store fish. Known as the long yu, or dragon fish in Chinese, it reigns as one of the worlds most expensive aquarium fish, selling for anywhere from a few hundred dollars to tens of thousands of dollars.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  ______  Photo  In-Depth   Is the Next Nobel Laureate in Literature Tending Bar in a Dusty Australian Town?: With the publication of two new books, Gerald Murnane might finally find an American audience.   Drilling the Great Australian Bight: Hoping for Jobs, but Fearing a Spill: A plan to extract natural gas in Australias Galpagos could bolster the economy, but the fishing and tourism industries say its not worth the risk.  News   Scores of Russians Expelled by U.S. and Its Allies Over U.K. Poisoning: At least 22 other nations, including Australia and the U.S., backed Britain in expelling Russian officials.   Astonishing Admission of Cheating Rocks Australian Cricket: Senior players schemed to tamper with the ball during a series in South Africa, a revelation that has stunned a sport that prides itself on fair play.   A First in Flight: Australia to the U.K., in 17 Hours: Qantas calls its first direct, nonstop Dreamliner flight from Perth to London a game changer.   150 Whales Beached in Australia, as Rescuers Fight to Save Them: Poor weather and the threat of sharks were hindering emergency efforts.  For Fun   How Much Do You Know About New Zealand? A quiz for our country of the week (New Zealanders will obviously have the upper hand).   The 5 Most-Read Modern Love Columns in Australia: You read them, we compiled them. Here are Australias favorite essays on love, in all its delightful and dark nuance.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story   Welcome to the Neighborhood: After enduring the struggle to buy a home, a multicultural crowd of friends gathers for a Hindu celebration.  ______  Opinion | Selections  Photo   All the Presidents Thugs: Stormy Daniels said she was physically threatened after selling her story of a sexual liaison with Donald Trump. It rings all too true, writes the Times editorial board.   I Tried to Befriend Nikolas Cruz. He Still Killed My Friends: A student says the notion that the recent Parkland, Fla., shootings wouldnt have occurred if students had been kinder is deeply dangerous.   Are You Really in Love if Its Not on Instagram?: Why do people perform their relationships online? Who is it for? Krista Burton on #weekiversaries.   Sanctuaries of Silence: A virtual-reality video about discovering quiet in an ever-noisier world.  ______   And You Recommend?  This week, as I prepare to write about Pyramid Hill and other small towns, Im looking for suggestions: Share your favorite movies, songs, books, essays or photographs that go deep toward understanding rural, regional Australia.  All suggestions, big or small, are welcome. As are stories and tales of your own.  You know how to find me: nytaustralia@nytimes.com. Thank you!) = 1
(Unretirement is becoming more common, researchers report. A 2010 analysis by Nicole Maestas, an economist at Harvard Medical School, found that more than a quarter of retirees later resumed working. A more recent survey, from RAND Corporation, the nonprofit research firm, published in 2017, found almost 40 percent of workers over 65 had previously, at some point, retired.  We definitely see evidence that retirement is fluid, said Kathleen Mullen, a RAND senior economist and co-author of its American Working Conditions Survey. Theres less of the traditional schedule: work to a certain age, retire, see the world. We see people lengthening their careers.  A Pew Research Center analysis of data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics supports that observation. It reported that the proportion of Americans over age 65 who were employed, full-time or part-time, had climbed steadily from 12.8 percent in 2000 to 18.8 percent in 2016. More than half were working full time.  Even more people might resume working if they could find attractive options. We asked people over 50 who werent working, or looking for a job, whether theyd return if the right opportunity came along, Dr. Mullen said. About half said yes.  Why go back to work? We hear endless warnings about Americans having failed to save enough, and the need for income does motivate some returning workers. But Dr. Maestas, using longitudinal data from the national Health and Retirement Study, has found that the decision to resume working doesnt usually stem from unexpected financial problems or health expenses.  It looks like something people are doing intentionally, instead of an oh-my-god response: Im running out of money; I have to go back to work, she said. Its much more about a choice.  Longer lives, better health and less physically taxing jobs than in previous generations help provide that choice, Dr. Maestas pointed out. You hear certain themes: A sense of purpose. Using your brain, she said. And another key component is social engagement. Earning money, while welcomed, rarely proved the primary incentive.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Michelle Wallace, who lives in Broomfield, Colo., learned about purpose over 20 frustrating months. After decades in telecommunications, she said, she retired abruptly from a project management position in 2013, when her workplace turned chaotic and hostile.  Photo  Shed saved enough to feel economically secure. But without a job, I felt like I was free-floating, bobbing along on the ocean, she said. I felt very ungrounded. Friends noticed her becoming more reclusive; her doctor increased her anti-depressants.  In 2015, she took a part-time job with a small business that supports government researchers. Now 69, she has no interest in retiring again. As long as somebody wants me, I have a lot to contribute, she said.  Most retirees who returned to work told researchers they had long planned to re-enter the work force. But among those who expected to remain retired but then changed their minds, Dr. Maestas has identified a subgroup going through burnout and recovery.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Some people have a lot of stress, pressure and physical demands in their jobs, she noted. Their interactions with people at work could be strained or hostile. After a restorative break, they can find work that suits them better.  Thana Christian, a social worker in Oakland, felt crushed by her workload at a county child protective services agency. She retired at 63, because the job was killing me.  For 18 months, she gardened and biked, took pottery and quilting classes, felt lonely but figured she would adjust. Then a chance conversation at the local senior center turned toward work. It hit me like a thunderbolt, how much I missed social work, she said. Thats who I was.  Online, Ms. Christian quickly learned that the Kaiser Permanente Oakland Medical Center needed on-call social workers, giving them the flexibility to set their own hours. Once hired, she tried various combinations and settled on working Mondays and Fridays.  Two days a week doesnt feel like work, she said, now 66. Its an addition to my life.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Researchers note that older workers have different needs. Younger workers need the paycheck, Dr. Mullen said. Older jobseekers look for more autonomy, control over the pace of work. Theyre less concerned about benefits. They can think about broader things, like whether the work is meaningful and stimulating.  Of course, workplaces present challenges, too. Nearly as many older workers face repetitive tasks or physical demands as younger ones, the RAND survey found, and they report slightly less support from bosses and cooperation from colleagues.  Class and education matter, too. People with less education are in more taxing jobs, Dr. Maestas said. In the RAND survey, 60 percent of older college graduates who had retired said they would be interested in returning to the workforce for the right job. Just 40 percent of those without degrees felt the same way.  Still, two-thirds of older workers report satisfaction in work well done, a majority that includes Sue Ellen King.  Now 69, she puts on her scrubs twice a week, providing nursing education on the night shift from 7 p.m. until 2 a.m. She feels needed, but not overwhelmed.  Its perfect, she said. I get the ego reinforcement of having people appreciate what I do. And I appreciate the downtime  now that its not all downtime.) = 1
(Downtown, on the sidewalk outside the Oscar de la Renta show during New York Fashion Week, one photographer stands out among the many clamoring to get a picture of the model Theodora Quinlivan, known as Teddy, as she leaves the show. Wearing a bright pink Julian David coat, the street-style photographer Phil Oh is beloved by the many fashion editors and models who stop to greet him as they leave the show.  Mr. Oh has been working as the street-style photographer for Vogue.coms coverage of fashion weeks in New York, London, Paris and Milan for eight years. He was contacted by the magazine after the success of Streetpeeper, a street-style blog that he started in 2007. Four times a year, Mr. Oh spends a month standing outside fashion shows sometimes for eight hours a day  to capture guests as they arrive at or leave a show.  Fashion usually exists in a bubble, he explains. These fashion shows are one of the few times when fashion and the real world intersect just for a little sidewalk on Sixth Avenue between the show venue and the models car.  Gareth Smit is a South African documentary photographer and filmmaker based in New York.  Follow @Gareth_smit and @nytimesphoto on Twitter. Gareth Smit is also on Instagram. You can also find Lens on Facebook and Instagram.) = 1
(The findings lend support to a disputed conservation strategy called genetic rescue, which involves introducing genetic diversity to boost the survival chances of small, inbred populations, said Jennifer Neuwald, an assistant professor of biology at Colorado State University who was not involved in the new study.  This study showed that having those new individuals bring in new DNA actually had an effect, she said.  Arctic foxes  which remain abundant in parts of North America and Russia  come in two color morphs. White morphs are snowy in winter and brown-grey in summer, while blue morphs stay a ravishing indigo, brown and charcoal mix year-round.  Photo  The blue foxes that arrived in Helagsfjllet had come from a captive breeding and restoration program funded by the Norwegian government. In 2009, the program released two blue brothers and another, unrelated white male in southern Norway. The three migrated about 150 miles to the Swedish subpopulation.  Malin Hasselgren, a Ph.D. student in zoology at Stockholm University, led efforts to construct a giant family tree with DNA sampled from 543 foxes, or 105 litters, born in Helagsfjllet between 2000 and 2015.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  In the five years following the arrival of the new males, the population of the Helagsfjllet clan nearly doubled. Over the same period, inbreeding also decreased by 43 percent, which is really rapid, Ms. Hasselgren said.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Perhaps more important, the first generation of pups born to immigrant fathers was more evolutionarily fit than inbred pups: The former were almost twice as likely to survive their first year of life, and had higher breeding success.  These higher survival and breeding rates help the authors make the case that a reduction in inbreeding is helping this population grow, said Sarah Fitzpatrick, an assistant professor of integrative biology at Michigan State University not involved in the research.  A larger concern is that the benefits of genetic rescue will be short-lived.  In 1997, a single male wolf immigrated from Canada to Isle Royale in Michigan, causing inbreeding levels to plummet by 89 percent in four years. But then his DNA overtook the entire Isle Royale wolf population, leading to a climb in inbreeding and genetic defects that proved to be devastating. As of this winter, Isle Royale may be down to its last wolf.  Adding new individuals to a threatened population can also introduce disease or swamp local adaptations. Decades ago, conservationists moved some ibexes, a type of wild goat, from the Middle East to mate with a dwindling population in what was then Czechoslovakia. But the resulting hybrids ultimately could not survive the cold, causing the entire population to go extinct.  Still, genetic rescue has had successful outcomes too, for panthers in Florida, bighorn sheep in Montana, vipers in Sweden and others. Many conservationists believe its a tool with increasing potential, as wildlife populations become more and more fragmented by human activities.  Dr. Neuwald emphasized that the key is going in with your eyes wide open, by having considered the genetic, ecological and social compatibility between transplants and existing populations.  If thats done, and if genetic rescue gives a species its best chance of survival, its worth giving it a try, she said.) = 1
(The awakening started with the revulsion of women  at a president who is credibly accused of sleeping with porn stars while his wife nursed their newborn child and who bragged of sexual assault, and at his daily slights to truth, dignity and other values that mothers teach their children.  And now its the youngs turn. Critical thinking has arrived at a critical time. Theyre not afraid of trolls; they grew up with snark from a screen. So after Laura Ingraham at Fox taunted a Parkland shooting survivor for not getting into his college of choice, the student immediately tweeted out a list of her advertisers. When they threatened to bail, she apologized.  These self-righteous kids screaming at you on television over the weekend arent helping out at all, said Tucker Carlson, another Fox scold. As he knows, they are helping  but just not his side. First we march, then we vote, was a leading slogan of the demonstrations.  The problem is that Americans are among the least-active voters in developed countries  another consequence, I would argue, of not teaching the manual of democracy in school. And young people are the least likely to vote.  Adults mess up a lot, Sotomayor told the high school kids in her audience in Seattle. We dont have all the answers. We need you to come up with fresher and better ideas.  So today, these young people wonder why even the most obvious legislation, universal background checks on all gun purchases, cant pass in Congress despite support from 90 percent of the public. They learn quickly that its because a single lobby owns the politicians. The obvious solution, which jaded political minds often forget, is to vote the bums out. Its not complicated.  And again, it shouldnt be a D.I.Y. thing. Lets teach people how to tell fake news from real news. They do this in Italy, and many universities in the United States have taken it up as well. It should be, like learning road signs before you can get a drivers license, one of the courses that everyone takes before getting out of high school.  Democracies die when citizens feel powerless. The biggest stress test will come if Trump fires the special counsel Robert Mueller. Then, all the people new to the process will see what a constitutional crisis looks like. But thanks to recent, real-life lessons, theyll recognize it for what it is. And they wont feel powerless to do something about it.) = 1
(To start, familiarize yourself with the regulations in your area: Laws regarding home improvement arent uniform and can differ by state and municipality. And make sure you are working with a licensed professional on any home renovation job that costs more than $500. Because, as Ms. Salas cautioned, if you dont hire a licensed contractor, there are very few remedies.  Do Your Homework  After getting recommendations from friends and neighbors who have used contractors in recent years, call or go online to the appropriate consumer affairs department to see if those contractors are licensed. Home improvement contractors working in the five boroughs need a license from citys Department of Consumer Affairs, while general contractors are licensed through the Department of Buildings. But home improvement contractors on Long Island get their licenses through the county, and New Jersey licenses are issued by the state.  Do some digging and find out if there have been any complaints filed against a recommended contractor. City residents can call 311 and be connected to a consumer affairs official, but if you are a data hound, you can tap directly into the citys Open Data system. (Search for Consumer Affairs under Datasets by Agency and you will find documents that list charges, complaints, inspections and violations by contractors.)  Photo  Long Island residents should call the consumer affairs bureaus in both Nassau and Suffolk counties when checking licenses. A contractor with a bad track record in one county can easily get a license in the other county and continue working.  Contractor licensing and home remodeling is kind of like the Wild West, said Adam G. Singer, an attorney specializing in consumer protection with offices in Manhattan, Rockland and Westchester counties.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Once you know a contractor is licensed, you should do some online research, but dont just read reviews. Check the Better Business Bureau to see if a complaint has been filed there. Search using legal research software like LexisNexis to check if there are, or have been, any lawsuits filed against the contractor. Potential red flags include a homeowner suing a business for breach of contract or a subcontractor seeking a large amount of overtime or back pay.    Why do such a deep background check? There is a skilled labor shortage in the country, making it harder to find high-quality tradesmen available for work, said Dan Taddei, director of education and certification at the National Association of the Remodeling Industry, an industry trade group. A recent survey by the Associated General Contractors of America found that many general contracting firms are having a hard time finding skilled tradesman to fill open positions.  As Mr. Taddei said, The good ones are busy, so many times theyre not looking for more work.  The push by educators to emphasize the importance of a four-year college to all students and the disappearance of the traditional high school shop class over the past several decades, among other things, have had a negative impact on the industry, Mr. Taddei said. And sometimes, a skilled tradesman who can work wonders with his hands can simply be an ineffective business owner. Weve seen great tradesmen with great reputations get in over their heads because they take on too many jobs, he said.  When youve narrowed down your choices, ask for bids and several references. Call the references and ask how they communicated with the contractor about their projects: Were there regular meetings or weekly progress reports? In addition, sit down with the contractor to gather information, Mr. Taddei suggested. Will the contractor have multiple renovation projects happening at the same time? What type of insurance does he have? Which subcontractors will work on your project? Do the same due diligence on them.  And finally, ask yourself if you can see working with this contractor, Mr. Taddei said, for weeks or even months.  Photo  James Mansfield, the chief executive of West Village GC, a Manhattan-based general contractor, said clients should perform the same due diligence they would before investing in a company or mutual fund. Are you willing to fork over $80,000 or $800,000 to that company? he said. Your renovation is an investment in your home, so Im surprised when I see sophisticated people not ask any questions.  He estimated that only about 10 percent of his clients who have requested bids ask for references and actually call them.  Signing a Contract  When it comes time to draw up a contract, make sure it stipulates that the contractor must put any advance payments into an escrow account, Mr. Singer said. This is one way to ensure that the contractor doesnt use your deposit to pay for his next vacation. If youre nervous about how the contract should be worded, hire a lawyer to look one over, Mr. Singer said.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Many homeowners use a one-third rule, dividing the total bill in three equal payments: before, during and after the job is done. This can work well on small projects, but some homeowners who feel they have been duped on larger renovations advise against it and urge a more detailed schedule and payment plan.  Do not pay for anything your contractor hasnt finished, said Alan Goldman, a homeowner in Niskayuna, N.Y.  He hired a contractor who came with great referrals to redo his master bathroom in late July of 2016. And although Dr. Goldman could see that the work wasnt progressing as the leaves started to change color, the contractor kept asking for money.  He worked on his own and had a very tight margin, Dr. Goldman said. I felt bad for him and kept rationalizing in my mind that he would get it together to finish the job.  Photo  As the holidays approached and his bathroom was nowhere near done, Dr. Goldman, who had lost about $11,500 at that point, had had enough. In January, he fired the contractor, who by then had health issues and admitted he couldnt finish the renovation. Dr. Goldman said he regretted not having a concise, tailored contract that detailed the schedule and scope of work with a corresponding payment plan.  Get an Architect  For large projects like a kitchen or bathroom overhaul that requires a change in plumbing lines or electrical wiring, or a gut renovation or an addition on a house, it is best to hire an architect.  Trying to manage a large project that might cost hundreds of thousands of dollars is too much for a homeowner to handle, said Brian Baer, an architect and executive director of the Elevated Studio, a nonprofit group that offers design and storm recovery case management. Architects provide design skills, and they can also explain building regulations and codes and help to manage your expectations, he said.  You can download a standard contract from the American Institute of Architects. Besides detailed information about the renovation, the contract should define how the architect, contractor and homeowner will communicate throughout the project.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Mr. Mansfield, the general contractor, said clients need to play an active role in the renovation process. There are many valid reasons why the deadline on projects gets extended, or the price goes up, but if youre not taking the time to hear about it, then youre caught weeks later wondering what happened, and youll feel like youre being taken advantage of, he said.  Hillary Merman said she now regrets hiring an unlicensed contractor to renovate a bathroom in her rowhouse in Windsor Terrace, Brooklyn. But she had hired the same contractor years earlier and felt he had been good enough back then. And he was the lowest bidder.  Ms. Merman said she was baffled when a rotating cast of workers showed up at her home, and later figured out that the contractor wasnt paying them. After demolishing the bathroom and ripping out the electrical outlets, the workers stopped showing up. And the contractor eventually stopped answering his phone after repeatedly promising to restart the job tomorrow.  Photo  Ms. Merman paid about $2,700 to the contractor before he disappeared. As she put it, You get what you pay for.  If you dont know where to start, online services like Sweeten, Bolster and Homepolish can connect you with designers and contractors, and even help manage a renovation.  Filing a Complaint  What recourse do you have if you find yourself in a dispute with a contractor?  Check to see if your state has a right-to-repair law, which puts some warranties on home improvement construction, allowing the contractor an opportunity to make repairs. If a conversation with your contractor doesnt yield a satisfactory result, find a mediation service. In New York City, the New York Peace Institute provides free services, and many law schools and legal organizations offer volunteer mediators.  If your contractor is licensed, you could also file a complaint with your local consumer affairs department. In New York City, once the department receives and reviews a complaint, it will contact the business and begin mediation. The department can resolve your case by requiring the contractor to pay restitution or fix or finish the job.  The department can also file charges against the business and seek a decision from an administrative law judge through the citys Office of Administrative Trials and Hearings. After a hearing, an administrative judge can order a business to pay restitution, issue a fine or even revoke the contractors license. If the business doesnt have the resources to pay the homeowner, the consumer affairs department can tap into its home improvement contractor trust fund to award the homeowner up to $25,000. The fund currently has about $7.5 million, compiled from fees paid by licensees, Ms. Salas said.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Out of the 1,116 complaints filed against home improvement contractors in 2017, 509 cases proceeded to mediation. (Complaints that did not move to mediation were either withdrawn or did not have the necessary paperwork to proceed.) Of the cases that went to mediation, only 71 resulted in homeowners getting monetary restitution from their contractors, while 61 were resolved without financial compensation but to the satisfaction of the consumer. Some of the remaining cases were sent to a judge or an outside agency like the district attorneys office for resolution.  Either through mediation, decisions handed down by judges or settlements from the trust fund, homeowners received about $2.4 million in restitution in 2017, Ms. Salas said.  Photo  Roberta Heiden, a homeowner in Marine Park, Brooklyn, has had two experiences with the consumer affairs department. Her first case, in 2009, took about a year to settle through a department mediation, and the contractor reimbursed her $5,000 for a bad job done on a driveway and garage project.  Her current dispute with a fence installer, however, has tested her patience. Since her complaint was filed in 2015, the contractor has not responded to the department, Ms. Heiden said, and the case is now in the administrative hearing system. She was recently told by a city official that the contractor could take a year to respond to a summons, forcing her to wait longer for possible restitution from the citys contractor trust fund.  Ive been waiting three years to resolve this issue, she said. Do you think this system is for the consumer? It sure doesnt feel like it.  Consumer affairs officials would not comment on Ms. Heidens current complaint, but said the timeline for a resolution depends on the complexity of the case.  Homeowners can also try to seek criminal charges or file civil lawsuits against contractors, but prosecuting contractor fraud can be difficult. In recent years, though, there have been some criminal indictments against contractors charged with defrauding homeowners trying to restore homes damaged by Hurricane Sandy in 2012.  David Ramroop, a homeowner in Amityville, on Long Island, said he hired Capstone Remodeling, a Smithtown-based contractor, to raise his house in 2015 to comply with federal regulations after Hurricane Sandy. He paid Capstone about $139,000 for work that was never finished and subsequently learned that the house had not been elevated to the correct height. He ended up paying another company to finish the job after months of delay.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Frustrated, he started a website to warn others about Capstone and its owner, Lee Moser, and soon found that dozens of other homeowners had similar tales.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Real Estate Newsletter Every week, get updates on residential real estate news, covering the five boroughs and beyond. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Although he felt some relief after Mr. Moser was arrested and charged with grand larceny and fraud, first in Suffolk County last October and then in Nassau County in December, he said, I think consumer protection is an afterthought. Mr. Ramroop considered filing a civil suit against Capstone, but decided against it because his legal fees would easily eat up any potential restitution he might get.  Mr. Mosers contractors license was revoked in both Suffolk and Nassau Counties in 2016. When reached on the phone, he declined to comment and his attorney, Brian A. Trodden, of Castro & Trodden, in Smithtown, N.Y., did not return calls.  The Suffolk County Department of Consumer Affairs and the District Attorneys office declined to comment, as did the Nassau County Department of Consumer Affairs.  The Nassau County District Attorney, Madeline Singas, said she would like to bring more charges against contractors, but the current statute makes it difficult because there needs to be evidence that proves the business owner never intended to finish the job.  Its heartbreaking, she said, because these homeowners were victimized first by the storm, and again by their contractor.  In Ocean County, N.J., an area hit hard by Hurricane Sandy, there have been 65 criminal indictments against contractors since the 2012 storm, said Stephen Scaturro, director of the county Department of Consumer Affairs.  Even though we have gotten some pushback from local builders associations, we have been aggressive about enforcement, he said. Theres a lot of legitimate guys out there, so its unfortunate we still see enough unscrupulous contractors that give the industry a bad reputation.) = 1
(Photo  Lake Oswego, Ore., is a tiny grid of low, clean buildings wedged into the apex of the Willamette River and the eponymous, oblong lake. It looks like something a model train might trundle through, the crisp white buildings and black rooftops encircled with perfect pine trees. Its one of the wealthiest and most desirable of Portlands suburbs, with a population of 38,945 at the 2016 census.  The little parking lot behind the coffee and pastry shop that opens early is crammed with luxury sedans and S.U.V.s by 7:30 on weekday mornings. Inside, parents on their way to work call out jolly greetings. Women in exercise gear huddle over coffee cups. Anyone who goes for milk or sugar meets the brittle clippings from Lake Oswegos chatty weekly newspaper taped to the wall above the napkin dispenser. The stories feature local high school athletes or chronicle the cafes own growth and its embrace by the community. It seems impossible to remain a stranger in Lake Oswego for long.  I spent less than a week there, reporting a story that ended up on Thursdays front page, but I quickly began to wonder what living in Lake Oswego felt like for the women whose stories I heard as I gathered information about Douglas Greenberg, a Morgan Stanley wealth manager with a 15-year history of alleged abuse. They lived in that same tiny town. And they each endured similar stretches of instability during which, according to the court records and social media messages I reviewed, there was violence and terror at home. After they fled, there was pounding on their front doors. There were letters and packages left on their front steps. There were surprises  messes left in their vandalized cars. Wary shopkeepers were warned by an anonymous caller that the women were untrustworthy thieves.  All of this happened in a place where things look destined to remain orderly and calm. And if they dont, the town is almost certain to find out about them. I was told over and over again that in Lake Oswego, there are very few secrets.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Information gathered by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shows nearly 30 percent of women in the United States and 10 percent of men experience abuse at the hands of an intimate partner. Other research has shown getting away from the abuse isnt easy, especially for women. Its a delicate dance of financial and social disentanglement.) = 1
(Now Its a Book  Ms. Collins, who lives in Brooklyn Heights in a modish duplex apartment overlooking the East River, is emblematic of a certain demographic: mostly white  though Ms. Collins is half-black  expensively educated and housed liberals. You would assume that group would mirror itself online and stay small and homogeneous. But within a year of its founding, WWVWD, to use its colloquial abbreviation, had more than 1,300 members; the week after the presidential election there was an increase of another 1,000, Ms. Collins said, with many seeking a way to marshal themselves for political action.  The original group, which Ms. Collins changed from secret to closed (meaning it can be seen by the public), begot subgroups, for those who wanted to focus on philanthropy, activism, business networking and writing. Woolfers in New York City began meeting in person, as Ms. Collins led field trips to Toys in Babeland, the sex accessories emporium on the Lower East Side, and hosted Scrabble tournaments and clothing swaps.  Photo  Woolfers have also swapped houses and apartments, rented each other rooms and raised money for groups including the Center for Reproductive Rights and the Trust for Public Land. Recently, four Woolfers spent a day at the Wallkill Correctional Facility, joining a mentorship program for inmates there.  There are now more than 7,600 Woolfers across the country, from New York City, Boston, San Francisco and Los Angeles, as you might expect, but also from Arkansas, Chicago and Maine. And Ms. Collins, who spent a few weeks last month on a cross-country road trip with a new boyfriend meeting Woolfers in Memphis and Telluride, Colo., among other spots, has a new book, out in April, called What Would Virginia Woolf Do? And Other Questions I Ask Myself as I Attempt to Age Without Apology. It is a sometimes wince-inducing primer on fashion, sex, marriage, divorce, money and health gleaned from her experience as Woolfer in chief, and with contributions from her Woolfer sisters.  It also has memoirish elements: Ms. Collins details her adventures in the orgy tent at Burning Man (she and her ex brought their own sheets, and kept to themselves), her struggles with depression and her adherence to an expensive beauty routine that involves fake eyelashes and Botox. She also cops to divorce envy, and notes the benefits of prenups, long-term-care insurance and pharmaceuticals like Xanax. In its breezy candor, the book is as appealing and appalling as the conversations of the Woolfers online, though it lacks the tartness and invective that occasionally erupts there, turning a you-go-girl group of self-affirmers into an unruly scrum.  Because when thousands of women get together on social media, what could possibly go wrong?  Assume Goodness, Please  We do fight sometimes, Ms. Collins said. Were talking about super-candid things, and people have strong opinions. If youre talking about whether or not to let your 16-year-old have sex or whether to have an affair or how to tell your colleague at work that shes a jerk, people will have strong responses.  When one long-married woman wrote about the heartache she was feeling because her lover of five years had broken up with her, many Woolfers were upset by her adultery, Ms. Collins said, and she had to step in to remove comments that were aggressive, moralistic and vitriolic. When a white Woolfer reported that a black man in a park had exposed himself to her, many in the group were inflamed that she had noted his race.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  At first, Ms. Collins read every post herself, to steer the conversation and defuse tension. But when the group swelled to 3,000, she asked some of the early Woolfers to help her moderate; now, about 20 women have oversight of whats posted. Politics, race and infidelity are topics that reliably lead to problems. Ill be out somewhere and Ill get a text from someone saying basically theres a huge fight in Aisle 6 and what do we do? Ms. Collins said.  Early last year, Ms. Collins chastised the group for what she saw as occasional reflexive pettiness. This is not a liberal arts college, circa 2016, she wrote in part. We dont have to give trigger warnings. Bring on the posts about money concerns and racism concerns and class struggle, but dont blame fellow members without real cause. Assume goodness, please.  Photo  Jenny Douglas, an early Woolfer and moderator, said, If theres a post you dont like, we say, Scroll on by. You dont need to pick a fight with everything or anyone you disagree with. When we are meeting online and tackling subjects that are so nuanced, you can lose that nuance. Those tender subjects are tricky to tackle in any form.  Just a few weeks ago, a moderator quit the group after a discussion of moderator practices  how they vetted posts, for example  left her feeling bullied, she said.  There are over-posters, and drunk posters; there are angry, cursing posters  whose words are promptly removed, Ms. Collins said  and posters who are a tad self-righteous. And there are the lurkers and the hate readers, along with those who are repelled or bored or disappointed by the particular window into womens lives that the group affords them.  I always think that Virginia Woolf would be mortified at having her name associated with this group, said Daphne Merkin, the memoirist and cultural critic, who is a member of the group but does not post anything. At first I thought it was going to be some kind of literary meeting of the minds. That there would be some interesting comments about Jean Rhys. Instead its, What do you do with your dildos? Or this sort of subclinical despair about no longer having a flat stomach.  Its not like that stuff is beneath me, Ms. Merkin went on. I mean, I once wrote a story on buffing up the vagina, but these revelations are very cosmeticized. Theres little wit, but maybe wit takes more time than social media allows. This is more like the stuff you tell your girlfriend at the end of the day, the eye-glazing end of intimacy. Theres intimacy thats thrilling, but this isnt.  Conversations have leaked outside the group, like the time one woman wrote of her sons bad behavior, and another Woolfer told her own child, who happened to know the son, who then told the son of his mothers revelations about his conduct.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  It was pretty easy to figure out who it was, Ms. Collins said of the offending member. I reached out and said, This is super-uncool, and we removed her from the group. The way we dealt with it was to write about it, so everyone knew what had happened. Ironically, and because Im a bigger personality, Ive probably suffered more than others for this.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Of the Moment The lifestyle newsletter from the Styles, Travel and Food sections, offering the latest trends to news you can use. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  The More Diaspora  Ms. Collins is indeed not only confessional, but also confrontational. In 2013, in an article for Elle magazine, she wrote about being arrested three times: for assaulting her first husband, for assaulting his girlfriend and for violating an order of protection he had taken out against her, by overturning a coffee table. A recent Page Six item reported that her second husband had broken her nose during a fight last September.  What does it mean to be too much, as a woman? she said. We talk about this a lot in the group.  Ms. Collins is happy to share her labial regimen (see coconut oil, above), the minutiae of her sex life and the unraveling of her second marriage, which ended in part because of the meddling of a Woolfer, as it happens.  The marriage was strained, and I had been wanting a second dog for a while, Ms. Collins said. My husband didnt, but like most women I do most of the work around the house and pay my fair share. She asked the Woolfers, in essence, Am I a jerk if I just go ahead and get the dog?  I thought it would be a throwaway thread, she said. But suddenly there were like 600 comments, evenly divided in opinion. (She didnt get the dog.)  It turns out that one Woolfer who read the thread was an old friend of Ms. Collinss husband, and the woman told him about his wifes query. He came home pretty angry, and the marriage ended pretty much the next day, Ms. Collins said.  A revenue model for the Woolfers has yet to emerge, though Ms. Collins is working on it. She has built a website to promote her book, created a newsletter and recorded five sample podcasts  called Raging Gracefully  which she plans to release in April. As Ms. Collins has told the group, she received a $75,000 book advance, which she split with an editor and researcher who worked with her. She is as candid about her entrepreneurial behaviors and aspirations as she is about more intimate matters.  Photo  Can we create a digital platform for women over 40? Ms. Collins said. Fortunes have been lost on the print version of such endeavors, despite economic data that shows the purchasing power of this demographic, decade after decade. And Ms. Collins is not alone in trying to reach them online. Girls of a Certain Age, a six-year-old style site created by Kim France, the founding editor of Lucky magazine, gets about 30,000 unique hits a month and makes over six figures, Ms. France said.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Lesley Jane Seymour, the editor in chief of More magazine, which folded in 2016 after publishing for 19 years and was reintroduced as an online magazine for millennial women, has spent the last two years working on Covey Club, an online club for women 40+ who want to continue learning, growing and expanding their world by making new friends and deeper connections, which went live this past Valentines Day.  Ms. Seymour was promoting the site at the South by Southwest festival a few weeks ago, joining the stage with Tausha Robertson, creator of Ms. X. Factor, a digital space for Gen X women of color. I know theres a business here, Ms. Seymour said. The question is how to do it. We cant just sell content online, it has to be something else. What is clear is that women who are a little bit older feel disenfranchised. They feel no one is listening to them, and they feel invisible.  Ms. Collins said of her group, I see it as incredible content potential and, though this sounds a little grandiose, possibly culture shifting. These women are powerful, and they have made me feel more powerful.  Theres a continuing conversation about whether the group is getting too big and how or if to control for privacy. When the news of Facebooks breaches broke last week, the moderators again discussed restricting new members or moving to a different platform. Maybe one day well have an app or some other platform for more intimacy, Ms. Collins said. But for now, here we are, basically addicted and not budging.  Dina Seiden is a Brooklyn-based writer and performance artist, a committed Woolfer and, now, a moderator. The groups foibles, she said, are part of the draw. They make aging so much fun. Were not all saints  no, were perfectly human, and that is ultimately good for the group, too.  Last Christmas she participated in a Secret Santa gift exchange. In a cheeky nod, she said, to a topic the group seems to hold dear, Ms. Seiden sent her recipient a vintage vibrator: a formidable, Machine Age relic called the Vitilator shed bought on eBay for $15, the price cap the group had set. I mean, kismet! Ms. Seiden said, truly delighted by her find.  Unfortunately, the recipient was a germophobe, and was horrified to have received such an intimate, secondhand device, as she explained. Did Ms. Seiden want it back? If so, shed leave it with her doorman.  But it was a schlep and I just wanted to put the incident behind me, so I never did pick it up, Ms. Seiden said. My dream is that the doorman gave it to a woman in his life, or that a slightly awkward exchange ensued in which the doorman had to return the vibrator to its recipient, passing it clumsily to her and in my dream, by the time she gets up to her apartment, she cant resist, transcends her putative germophobia, and gets herself off like a rock star.) = 1
(Its enough to make lesser people wilt, Mr. Gidley said of the news media exposure focused on Ms. Hicks. I made a joke that Britney Spears shaved her head and slapped a car with an umbrella over similar treatment from the paparazzi.  Video  Ms. Hickss proximity to the president has also been a matter of interest to those investigating the Trump campaigns ties to Russian officials.  Investigators have sought to determine what she knew about the presidents decision to fire the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey. And in January, a former spokesman for Mr. Trumps legal team had planned to tell investigators that Ms. Hicks had once said emails written by Donald Trump Jr. before a Trump Tower meeting  in which the younger Mr. Trump said he was eager to receive political dirt about Hillary Clinton from the Russians  would never get out, a claim her lawyer has forcefully denied.  Testifying in a closed session of the House Intelligence Committee weeks after Mr. Porter resigned from the White House, Ms. Hicks said that her job sometimes required her to tell white lies on behalf of the president.  Hours later, she announced she would leave the White House. Ms. Hicks, who avoids interviews with the news media, issued a statement saying she had no words to express her gratitude to the president. She had told her family and a few friends three days before that she planned to leave.  It had become clear to others that by the end of her tenure Ms. Hicks was exhausted by West Wing infighting and the daily grind of spending most of her waking hours on call to the president. It was a grueling lifestyle.  After waking up and often sending her first emails of the day around 4:30 a.m., Ms. Hicks would squeeze in a workout. Then, for much of the work day, she could usually be found in her closet-size office, where she would wait for the presidents inevitable call: Hopester, Mr. Trump would say, or Hopey! He sought her advice on any number of unfolding crises facing the White House, but also to check his instincts against hers.  Photo  Ms. Hicks never cultivated a life outside the White House.  Several current and former aides praised her political instincts and understanding of Mr. Trumps messaging. She often drafted his public statements, adopting his tendency to speak in simple declaratives peppered with Trumpian favorites  incredible, unmatched.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  From time to time, she advised him on whether an angry Twitter post he wanted to send would be in his best political interests. From time to time, according to a former White House official, she would tell him that it was.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Little is known about the degree to which Ms. Hicks was a mediating force in an atypically run White House with a president whose first impulse is often his final reaction.  While messaging on the tax overhaul was tightly controlled by a team overseen by Ms. Hicks, Mr. Trump has in recent weeks appeared to have little regard for any formal rollout of his administrations policy goals. Instead, he has proposed the death penalty for drug dealers, entered into haphazard diplomacy talks with North Korea, and gone back and forth on his views on tariffs. And on Thursday, in an appearance in Ohio that was supposed to be about infrastructure, he seemed to stall a trade deal that had already been negotiated with South Korea.  There is a palpable worry among those in the West Wing about who the president will now confide in  and how many other people might be able to occasionally pull him back  now that Ms. Hicks is gone.  She is also among the people the staff relied on to bolster flagging morale  one White House official described her departure as a mother leaving her children behind. To cut the tension in a chaotic workplace, Ms. Hicks baked cookies for aides on Valentines Day, swapped country music song recommendations and texted her colleagues funny video clips.  Another person who has had conversations with both the president and Ms. Hicks in recent weeks, speaking on the condition of anonymity so as not to divulge private conversations, said that Mr. Trump relied on her and trusted her implicitly, mainly because she had never shown a willingness to put her own agenda ahead of his. She had also gained the trust of others in the Trump family for her loyalty.  Hope is exceptional in every way and is loved by all who know her, Ivanka Trump, the presidents daughter and senior adviser, said in a statement. She is brilliant, dedicated and compassionate  a unique talent.  The presidents chief of staff, John F. Kelly, has told several people he might leave the communications director role open for a time. But Tony Sayegh, a spokesman for the Treasury Department, is said to be up for consideration for the job, along with Mercedes Schlapp, the director of strategic communications. Another possible choice is Kellyanne Conway, who, crucially, is one of few senior aides able to communicate on Mr. Trumps wavelength, as Ms. Hicks could.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  For now, at least, the small office next to the Oval Office, a space reserved for a Trump confidante, will be filled by Dan Scavino, the director of social media and the only remaining Trump campaign original still in the White House. Before Ms. Hicks, that space was used by Keith Schiller, the presidents longtime bodyguard, when he worked in the West Wing.  Ms. Hicks, true to form, declined multiple requests to comment for this article. She has been coy with people who ask about where she will work next, or her plans for a vacation after a nonstop grind over three years, though she has told friends she is ready for a break. Regardless, she is likely to remain among those in the Trump alumni orbit, populated by other former White House and campaign aides the president tends to phone.  On her last day, Ms. Hicks had already sent 50 handwritten notes to senior staff and other people. In one of her last public appearances as an aide to the president, Ms. Hicks stood next to Mr. Trump as he emerged from the Oval Office and stood in front of news cameras for the first time in nearly a week.  He gave Ms. Hicks a kiss on the cheek, then set across the lawn, where Marine One was waiting. Two other White House aides, Stephen Miller, a senior policy adviser, and Ms. Trump, who was Ms. Hickss entree into the Trump orbit years ago, traveled with him to Ohio and then on to Florida.) = 1
(One way for the ferry company to block Hoboken from taking the land was to sell it to a state agency and lease it back since the city would not be able to seize property from the state. But that plan fell apart in the final days of the Christie administration and appeared to have no support from Mr. Murphy.  Mr. Murphy then released a statement that said that giving away millions of dollars on the way out the door, when the current system isnt even adequately funded, is simply irresponsible. Mr. Murphy has called the transit agency a national disgrace and promised to increase its funding.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  But on Thursday, a spokeswoman for Mr. Murphy said in a statement: The governors office continues to coordinate with all parties involved to determine an ultimate solution that both respects the voices of the local community and the needs of one of our most vital transportation partners. The governor is taking appropriate steps to make sure that commuters are not negatively impacted during efforts to find a long- term solution.  A spokesman for Mr. Bhalla said the mayor was trying to persuade Mr. Murphy not to approve the purchase. The mayor remains committed to a contiguous waterfront, said the spokesman, Santiago Melli-Huber.  But New York Waterway still plans to move to the Hoboken site, which its executives say is ideally situated in the middle of the companys network of routes between cities along the New Jersey coast and docks in Manhattan. The ferry company would use the site for maintenance and refueling.  The ferry companys founder, Arthur Imperatore, and its chairman, Armand Pohan, appeared at a Hoboken City Council meeting two weeks ago to plead with the citys leaders not to try to take the property. But the council authorized the mayor to use eminent domain to obtain the property if a purchase could not be worked out. On Monday, Mr. Bhalla said Hoboken had offered to pay the appraised value of $11.63 million for the land.  Mr. Melli-Huber said Hoboken officials did not know why New Jersey Transit called the special meeting, rather than waiting six more days to consider the matter at the its monthly board meeting on April 10. But he noted that many Hoboken families would be away next week because the citys schools will be on spring break.) = 1
(It was an opportune moment for Mr. Pecker to showcase his White House connections. He was considering expanding his media and events businesses into Saudi Arabia and also was hunting for moneyed partners in acquisitions.  Photo  The intersection of the tabloid publisher with the Saudis, enhanced by the White House visit, is a previously untold chapter in the long, symbiotic relationship between the president and Mr. Pecker, which was forged in the 1990s. At the time, Mr. Trump was celebrating a real estate comeback after his casino bankruptcies and was both the subject and the source of much gossip in New York.  Mr. Pecker, who had known Mr. Grine only for a few months, invited him to the dinner to thank him for advice he had provided about investing in the Middle East, according to someone who knew of the invitation.  Word soon traveled back to Saudi Arabia about the dinner: It signaled Mr. Peckers powerful status in Washington.  Two months later, he was in Saudi Arabia, meeting with Mr. Grine and the crown prince about business opportunities there, according to A.M.I.  And by January, Mr. Pecker was confident enough about his growing rapport with Saudi investors that he sought their help bankrolling a possible acquisition of Time magazine, which he had long coveted, according to two people with direct knowledge of the talks. A.M.I. disputed that.  The White House did not respond to a request for comment.  The people briefed on the interactions between A.M.I. and Saudi Arabia requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly.  Photo  The outcome of Mr. Peckers efforts to do business with the Saudis remains unclear. But he is still working to cultivate ties. This week, he and Mr. Grine both attended events in New York featuring Prince Mohammed, who is on a tour across the United States.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Ahead of that visit, A.M.I. published a 97-page glossy magazine that is essentially a promotional brochure for Saudi Arabia and the crown prince. It makes no mention of anything troubling, like the Saudi-led military campaign in Yemen, human rights concerns or the crown princes arrest last fall of many extended royals, including Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, an influential client of Mr. Grines.  The magazine  which refers to Saudi Arabia throughout as the Magic Kingdom  includes an interview with Mr. Grine, accompanied by a photo of him posing with Mr. Trump in the Oval Office, taken during his visit with Mr. Pecker. It talks up the relationship between Mr. Trump and the Saudis, noting that Mr. Trump endorsed the crown princes high profile anticorruption crackdown.  A.M.I. has said it produced the magazine to capitalize on interest in the crown prince, who is next in line to the throne, and has been careful to say it received no input or guidance from Saudi officials. That carries important legal implications: Foreign direction or control of such a purely promotional publication may require disclosure to the Justice Department. The Saudi government did not respond to a request for comment.  The magazine  200,000 copies distributed in Walmart and other outlets, with a cover price of $13.99 and no advertising  provided a unique welcome mat for the prince, whose visit comes as the Trump administration is trying to establish tighter ties with the kingdom. Both countries are touting cross-border investment opportunities, including a pledge by the Saudi government to put $20 billion into a fund that will invest in American infrastructure projects. The kingdom is also nearing a deal to buy American-made missiles and other military equipment.  Mr. Grine, a 30-year-old French citizen, has helped broker deals between Saudi investors and companies in France, Senegal and the United States. He and Mr. Pecker were introduced last spring by Ari Emanuel, chief executive of Endeavor, the huge talent, entertainment and sports company based in Beverly Hills, Calif.  Photo  Mr. Grine and Mr. Pecker soon had a series of discussions about the investment landscape in Saudi Arabia, according to a person briefed on the talks. Mr. Pecker extended the White House dinner invitation shortly afterward.  A.M.I. would not say who else was among the select group of friends Mr. Pecker took to the White House at the presidents invitation. During the evening, the Middle East and the recent French elections came up. In a statement, A.M.I. said, The entire conversation was social, with the exception of a couple very brief mentions of current events.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Mr. Pecker is best known for The Enquirer, but his media empire is wide-ranging. A.M.I.s titles include Mens Journal, Hers, Flex and Muscle & Fitness.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  The publisher has used the company at times to protect close friends, including Mr. Trump. Karen McDougal, a former Playboy model, recently filed a lawsuit alleging that Mr. Trumps lawyer was secretly involved when A.M.I. tried to bury her story about an affair with Mr. Trump. A.M.I. bought the rights to her story during the presidential campaign for $150,000 but never published it. In the world of gossip media, such a maneuver is known as a catch and kill operation.  Mr. Trumps lawyer Michael D. Cohen and A.M.I. have denied the allegations. Mr. Trumps representatives say the affair never happened.  During the campaign, The Enquirer also published scathing articles about Mr. Trumps rivals, as well as perceived antagonists like the television host Megyn Kelly. In promoting Mr. Trump, The Enquirer endorsed a candidate for the first time in its history.  Photo  Since he entered the White House, A.M.I. titles have run articles alleging a deep state plot to undermine Mr. Trump. As scandals engulfed the White House, a recent Enquirer cover blared: Donald & Melania Fight Back! Exposing the Lies, Leaks and Intimidation. How Theyll Crush Their Enemies!  The support appears mutual. Mr. Trump at times has praised Mr. Peckers stewardship of A.M.I. He once endorsed Mr. Pecker to run Time magazine, whose cover, Mr. Trump has incorrectly asserted, has featured him more than anyone else.  David Pecker would be a brilliant choice as CEO of TIME Magazine  nobody could bring it back like David! Mr. Trump wrote in a Tweet in 2013.  Asked about Mr. Peckers interest in Time, A.M.I.s chief content officer, Dylan Howard, said, Any media executive worth his or her salt must look at any acquisition opportunity in todays media climate.  A.M.I. has struggled financially. It went through a series of restructurings in the last decade, including a bankruptcy in 2010 in which the company reported up to $1 billion in debts, before being acquired four years ago by two private equity funds.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The company said in a statement that it was in an incredibly stable financial position.  Mr. Pecker has continued to hunt for new acquisitions. Last year, he bought Us Weekly from Wenner Media. But money remained scarce, according to A.M.I.s financial advisers. When Mr. Peckers friend Harvey Weinstein suggested last fall that they team up to purchase Rolling Stone, Mr. Pecker expressed little interest. I can not contribute any cash, he wrote in an email obtained by The New York Times.  In that same Sept. 28 exchange, he wrote to Mr. Weinstein: I am in Saudi Arabia on business. Cant call from here.  During the visit to Saudi Arabia, Mr. Grine arranged for himself and Mr. Pecker to meet with Prince Mohammed, who is the chairman of the kingdoms deep-pocketed Public Investment Fund. At the meeting, Mr. Pecker described his vision for expanding his events business, which includes the Mr. Olympia bodybuilding competition, into Saudi Arabia.) = 1
(But parents who are unable or unwilling to confront that messiness may view their childs outbursts as a problem that urgently needs to be solved.  When that happens, Laura Markham, a clinical psychologist and editor of the site AhaParenting.com, said: We ridicule kids, we blame them, we tell them its their own fault; we isolate them by sending them to their rooms.  The nature of the parents response may vary, Dr. Markham said, but the message is the same  that anger, sadness or frustration are unacceptable.  This, Dr. Markham noted, is the opposite of resilience; instead, its a fragile rigidity that leaves both parent and child fearful that outsized emotions could shatter them.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  In contrast to this fragility, parents who dont flinch from the power of emotions like anger have a greater capacity to absorb challenging interactions with their children, said Dr. Siegel, who is executive director of the Mindsight Institute. And dont worry if this kind of resilience doesnt come naturally, he said  with practice, it gets easier.  Here are some tips for making those difficult interactions easier to absorb:  Take a Breath  To respond thoughtfully to our childs outbursts, we have to first silence the alarm bells going off inside our head. Dr. Markham coaches parents to hit the pause button before taking any action, even in the face of a screaming child. In her research, Ms. Lewis learned that parents and children often synchronize their heart rates, breathing and other physiological functions, so calming ourselves down can have a measurable, physical effect on our child  not to mention on our own ability to face a situation calmly.  Let Emotions Happen  Resilience depends on an understanding that emotions  even those considered negative, like sadness, grief or anger  arent a problem to be fixed, but a natural consequence of being human. The thing about emotions is that they dont last forever; theres a beginning, middle and end to all of them, said Carla Naumburg, a clinical social worker and author of Ready, Set, Breathe: Practicing Mindfulness With Your Children for Fewer Meltdowns and a More Peaceful Family. More than that, allowing ourselves  and our children  to experience and express a full range of emotions is vital to our well-being. Dr. Markham noted that it is actually when we dont express our emotions that we lose control of them  not the other way around.  Get Curious  So often as parents, we ask why questions about unwanted behavior (Why cant he remember to put his socks in the hamper?). But Dr. Naumburg said that asking ourselves Why am I responding this way? may be a more useful question, especially when our buttons are getting pushed. Notice whats happening with you, and start to take responsibility for it, Dr. Markham suggested.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Set Boundaries With Compassion  Establishing and holding the line on boundaries can lead to some of the most unpleasant moments in the parent-child relationship  but approaching those moments with compassion and kindness goes a long way toward keeping your blood pressure down. Dr. Markham and Dr. Naumburg suggested verbally acknowledging your childs feelings and comforting him or her doesnt have to mean giving in to their demands. There are times when I will sit with my daughter in my lap, as shes crying, and snuggle her as Im saying no to her, Dr. Naumburg said. Shes still crying, but were still connected.  Examine Your Yeses and Nos  Susan Newman, a social psychologist and author of The Book of No: 365 Ways To Say It and Mean It, said parents should be especially mindful of the times youre most likely to give in to your childs outburst. If you can recognize what triggers you to an automatic yes, its time to step back and say, Hold it a minute, why am I doing this? Dr. Newman suggested. Were living in this culture of yes parenting, Dr. Newman said, and its easier to say yes than to deal with a childs meltdown. But parents can consider, How will a no help? as a way to explore the reason for a particular boundary so that you and your child can better understand it.  Get Some Distance  When we identify closely with our children, or rely on them as a barometer of our own self-worth, we set ourselves up for disappointment (or worse) when things dont go exactly as we planned. Our egos are very tied up in our parenting, said Julie Lythcott-Haims, author of How to Raise an Adult. Dr. Naumburg noted that this is partially informed by a cultural narrative that suggests that If the kids are not O.K., then its because we parents have done something wrong. As Ms. Lythcott-Haims put it, If we can get a life, maybe our kids can have one too.) = 1
(These days I spend most of my time writing and working on a documentary series. Though I do love my work, I miss the camaraderie of professional kitchens. So when some chef friends recently invited me to join them for the day, I jumped at the opportunity. Shortly after we turned to peeling and chopping, I noticed two cooks at the other end of the kitchen whispering excitedly to each other. I waited a few minutes, hoping theyd invite the rest of us into their salacious conversation. When they didnt, I impatiently demanded to know the subject of their gossip. Rolling her eyes, one of them responded, Were talking about a recipe, Samin.  I blushed. And then I asked for the recipe.  Usually when a friend hands me a beloved recipe, it comes with a warning not to change anything. My inability to follow recipes as written  without obeying the devil on my shoulder telling me to replace ingredients or change the temperature  is well documented. But this recipe, for something Id never tried called butter mochi, was different. Written in cooks shorthand, it seemed simple enough  just a few ingredients stirred together in no particular order, then baked. And at the top, a note promised that the cake was easy and forgiving to adaptation.  I decided to make the recipe once as directed before getting creative, but my commitment was tested immediately. The original list of ingredients included evaporated milk, an ingredient Id never used. I had to suppress the urge to replace it with heavy cream, as I do when I follow the pie recipe on the label of Libbys canned pumpkin. But I remained strong. Peeling back the lid, I realized evaporated milk is just milk that has been cooked down to a thicker, sweeter version of itself. I stirred it into the batter along with the other ingredients, poured it all into a large cake pan and slipped it into the oven.  Butter mochi is the Hawaiian descendant of chewy Asian rice cakes like Japanese mochi, Filipino bibingka and Chinese nian gao. Unlike those versions, though, its enriched with a stick of butter. And with a recipe that calls for exactly a can each of coconut and evaporated milks, I suspect its the prime hapa example of classic postwar dump-and-stir baking.  When I pulled mine from the oven, I was surprised by its still-pale hue. My general opinion about baked goods is that darker is always better, so I was skeptical. But that didnt keep me from having a taste before the mochi could cool completely. It was so sweet that it burned my throat. Its extraordinary gumminess  not a quality I generally seek in my food  overwhelmed me. But I couldnt stop eating it. Once the mochi cooled, its texture shifted from gummy to addictively chewy. As I picked at it over the next couple of days, it became clear that the outer edge was the best part. The way the slightly caramelized crust contrasted with the gooey center reminded me of my favorite pastry: the canel.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  What I love most about that small, legendary pastry from Bordeaux is the satisfying contrast between its deeply caramelized crust and tender, custardy center. But Im far too lazy and stingy to try making it myself. Most canel recipes begin with an instruction to brush $30 copper molds with melted beeswax. Unsurprisingly, Ive never made it past the internet search for used canel molds before giving up.) = 1
(At his death Professor Gordon was finishing books about American fascist love cults and women from the 1920s known as flappers.  He was on fire all the time with an insatiable curiosity, Ms. Gordon, also a former student of his, said in a telephone interview.  The Grand Guignol  whose dark and lurid stage shows (with fake blood spurting) were designed to frighten its audiences  neatly matched Professor Gordons interests in theatrical history and grotesque cultural phenomena. Recalling his decision to write Theatre of Fear and Horror: The Grisly Spectacle of the Grand Guignol of Paris, 1897-1962 (1988), Professor Gordon said his goal was to restore to public consciousness a much-ignored sensation.  Its about purgation of fear and pity, and its this pure theater because its about violence and sex, he told Heathen Harvest, an underground music website, in 2016. It doesnt really bother much with character and plot so much as with moods and emotions.  The book includes a catalog of 100 Grand Guignol plots divided by themes like infanticide, helplessness, surgery, suicide and sex farce.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  In his review of the book in The New York Times, John Gross said that although people had a rough idea of what Grand Guignol was  from bloodcurdling shrieks to mayhem and mutilation, he wrote  Professor Gordons pioneering survey had largely filled the gap in the historical record.  Photo  Professor Gordon wrote as an eager scholarly guide to carnal, unorthodox cultures that he was too young to have indulged in.  Following his study of the Grand Guignol, he explored the sexualized worlds of two European cities in the copiously illustrated Voluptuous Panic: The Erotic World of Weimar Berlin (2000) and Horizontal Collaboration: The Erotic World of Paris, 1920-1946).  For centuries, he wrote in Horizontal Collaboration, the French capital has been the erotic lodestone for lust-smitten ramblers. No regime changes, riots, violent revolutions, wars or foreign invasions have sullied its exalted urban status. Jaded and love-wary nomads from every nation have sought out Pariss tawdry offerings and singular institutions of pleasure.  Feral House, which specializes in odd subjects, published many of Professor Gordons books, including Erik Jan Hanussen: Hitlers Jewish Clairvoyant (2001), about a psychic who had a brief alliance with Hitler.  Mel would turn up rare and difficult-to-find stuff on Hanussen, Adam Parfrey, the publisher of Feral House, said in a telephone interview. He didnt like using secondary materials.  Melvin Irwin Gordon was born on Feb. 18, 1947, in Detroit. He said that his left-wing parents  his father, Joseph, was a salesman; his mother, the former Rose Alpert, was an interviewer for a market research firm  inspired his free thinking. After graduating from the University of Michigan with a bachelors degree, he earned a masters at N.Y.U. and a Ph.D. there in performance studies.  Professor Gordon taught at N.Y.U. from 1975 to 1989. He also taught acting at the Lee Strasberg Theater and Film Institute and the Michael Chekhov Acting Studio in Manhattan. He was hired by Berkeley in 1990 as a professor in what is now the department of theater, dance and performance studies. His class on bad acting, Ms. Gordon said, was one of his most popular.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Mark Griffith, a professor of classics who also teaches in that department, described him in a telephone interview as a provocative, risqu storyteller who clashed with colleagues about how to teach acting. But he was a wonderful, maverick researcher and a source of admiration and amazement by people who consulted him, Professor Griffith said.  In addition to teaching, Professor Gordon created and directed shows in San Francisco, including The Seven Addictions and Five Professions of Anita Berber (1994), about a scandalous dancer, actress and writer during the Weimar Republic years, between the world wars.  Professor Gordon told Heathen Harvest that one of the three women who portrayed Ms. Berber was recruited from among the lap dancers at a strip club.  I go up to her and ask her, What are you thinking about when youre stripping?  he said. And she says, How much I hate my father. I said, Youre hired!   The San Francisco Chronicle called The Seven Addictions a messy, lewd, extravagant evening but one with a whiff of magic about it.  Professor Gordon subsequently wrote a book about Ms. Berber, published in 2006. He followed the same course with Hanussen, Hitlers clairvoyant, staging a show about him then writing his biography.  Publishers Weekly called the Hanussen book a fascinating account.  His forthcoming study of fascist love cults from 1922 to 1942 is typical of his work, Mr. Parfrey said.  You hear about various aspects of fascism in the United States, but the cults hes writing about  some of them in the Bay Area  are fascinating because their belief systems are so bizarre and extraordinary, he said. It wasnt hard for Mel to engage me with something that unusual.) = 1
(The result: The change in average sales during the experiment was 7 percent higher at the stores subject to the new policies than at the stores in the control group.  They were not operating in the stability sweet spot, said Joan Williams of the University of California Hastings College of the Law, one of the studys authors. We basically held up a mirror to capitalisms self-image of efficiency and showed the misaligned incentives that are disserving both workers and the company.  Photo  Shifting schedules have long been a complaint in the retail industry and other low-wage fields, and the Gap study suggests that they are a lose-lose proposition. But there was one apparent conundrum at the heart of the findings: While the effect on sales was quite large  the 7 percent increase swamps the 1-to-3 percent improvement that many retailers struggle to achieve  the overall consistency of schedules improved only marginally.  Consider a part-time worker with an average of 16 shifts per month. At stores that attempted to make the changes, nearly 10 of those shifts were scheduled for a consistent time of day. At stores that had not done so, about nine of the shifts were consistent.  The explanation for how such modest changes could lead to such unusually large increases in sales may be that managers focused disproportionately on more experienced employees when it came to stabilizing the number of hours worked from week to week. That, in turn, appears to have lowered turnover among experienced workers, who helped their stores perform better.  It looks like managers did the rational thing  they had to improve stability, and so they picked the more experienced people, said Saravanan Kesavan, another author, who teaches business at the University of North Carolina. Now you have more experienced people in the store, and the productivity youre seeing increased, leading to higher sales.  Mr. Kesavan suggested that Gap could reap still greater financial benefits by making schedules even more stable and reducing turnover beyond what the experiment achieved. The attrition rate is still high, he said. (Susan Lambert of the University of Chicago was the third author.)  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The researchers chose the 28 stores in the study, then randomly selected the 19 where the new policies would take effect for just under a year. Although the managers in those stores had previously agreed to take part, the researchers could not be certain that they carried out all the new policies. The managers were simply urged to do so with the companys blessing, an approach known as randomized encouragement design.  Marshall L. Fisher, a professor at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania who is an expert on retailing and was not involved in the project, said the study provided compelling evidence that if you treat people decently, you get better results.  Mr. Fisher cautioned, however, that generalizing from the study to the company writ large, to say nothing of the entire industry, could be complicated. For one thing, he said, it was unclear if the improvement in sales would be as large as the researchers found if the company were to put the new policies in place in all of its stores at once. It is possible that the stores that adopted the new policies became attractive to shoppers, and may have siphoned traffic and sales from other Gap stores.  Photo  In a statement, Gap was noncommittal on whether it would introduce most of the changes across all of its stores.  Looming over the study was a gnawing question: Given the effort that went into making workers schedules more consistent from day to day and week to week, why wasnt there more improvement in the actual scheduling?  One answer, the researchers concluded, is that the biggest cause of disruption in work schedules at Gap stores wasnt the fluctuation in traffic from customers, as was long assumed to be the case in retailing. Overly narrow decision-making at the corporate headquarters was a major factor.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  In 2015, as the study was beginning, Gap announced it would require schedules to be posted at least 10 days in advance at all its stores in the United States. But schedules can nonetheless change quickly. According to interviews the researchers conducted with workers and managers, sales promotions mandated by corporate headquarters often required a large increase in worker-hours on short notice. So did preparing for store visits by executives.  Its just been a roller coaster with promo changes, one manager told the researchers. This week alone the window changed three times.  Another manager reported having probably extended two to three shifts every day in the run up to the visit by an executive.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The researchers also identified inaccurate information about the size and timing of shipments as a key obstacle to predictable scheduling, since processing new inventory is labor-intensive.  Mr. Fisher said those findings could have an optimistic interpretation, because they suggested that it was largely within the companys power to smooth out the peaks and troughs in its workers schedules. Some companies, like Costco, are able to provide more regular schedules in part by stocking a smaller range of products or scaling back or eliminating promotions.  Photo  In a statement, Gap brands top human resources official, C. David Ard, said, We are taking a closer look at certain decisions made at headquarters and actively examining changes that could further stabilize the store scheduling process.  In the meantime, the fact that an inconveniently timed shipment could derail a stores schedule may point to a broader issue: Stores like Gap frequently leave little margin for error when it comes to staffing because managers are given targets for labor hours and their ability to meet them figures prominently in their evaluations.  A lot of the instability comes from managers having tight labor budgets, said Carrie Gleason, the director of the Fair Workweek Initiative at the Center for Popular Democracy, an advocacy group. Theyre understaffing to basically meet their numbers from one week to the next. Its management by the practice of triage.  As part of its scheduling changes in 2015, Gap officially eliminated tentative on-call shifts that could be canceled at the last minute. But Ms. Stephenson, the Gap worker in North Carolina, said it was not uncommon for her managers to cancel a shift on short notice when they believe they can get by without an extra worker.  They try to do the best with what theyve got, and theyre very apologetic, Ms. Stephenson said. They say, Corporate says we dont have the hours.  Mr. Ard said: While we cant speak to this particular employees experience without further investigation, we will be looking into this issue as we treat such concerns seriously.  The most important contribution of the Gap study may be to chip away at a rigid approach to labor costs that may not always reflect a rational calculation.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  It is massively useful, said Ms. Gleason of the Fair Workweek Initiative. It helps make the business case for why stable schedules work.) = 1
(Click on the slide show to see this weeks featured properties in New York City:   In Dumbo, Brooklyn, a one-bedroom, one-and-a-half-bath loft with two living spaces, a home office and a laundry/storage room with a washer and dryer, in the 124-unit Clock Tower condo building.   In Murray Hill, a one-bedroom, one-bath condo with parquet floors, a combined living and dining room, a pass-through kitchen with stainless-steel appliances, and a walk-in closet, in a full-service postwar building.   In Washington Heights, a two-bedroom, two-and-a-half bath, three-level townhouse with stained oak floors, 11-foot ceilings, an open kitchen with butcher-block counters, and a private outdoor area big enough for a grill and table.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Real Estate Newsletter Every week, get updates on residential real estate news, covering the five boroughs and beyond. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.) = 1
(Donald Trump has often railed at Nafta as the worst trade deal ever. But his focus on the loss of United States manufacturing jobs  felt keenly in the auto and textile industries  misses one of Naftas far-reaching benefits: the huge lift it has given to agricultural trade and consumer satisfaction in all three countries. Under Nafta, avocados have led an influx of year-round Mexican produce that has filled the seasonal voids in United States grocery stores and changed the way Americans eat. The avocado boom has caused environmental damage  some of Michoacns pine forests have been thinned out for avocado orchards  but it has been good for Americans gorging on guacamole in wintertime and Mexican farmers fending off the urge to join the drug trade or immigrate to the United States. According to a 2016 study commissioned by a marketing group for buyers and producers of Mexican avocados, the avocado supply chain has also created nearly 19,000 jobs in the United States and added more than $2.2 billion to the gross national product.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Magazine Newsletter Get the best of the Magazine delivered to your inbox every week, including exclusive feature stories, photography, columns and more. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Even California growers, once vociferous opponents of Mexican imports, are happy with the situation. Land and water are too scarce to expand their seasonal harvests  which are around 10 percent of Mexicos annual production  but surging demand and prices have buoyed their businesses, too. Avocados are Naftas shining star, says Monica Ganley, an expert on Latin American trade and the founder of Quarterra, a consulting firm based in Buenos Aires. But its important to remember that the benefits flow in both directions. Under Nafta, United States agricultural exports to Mexico have expanded nearly fivefold, to $18 billion, with sales of American corn, soybeans and dairy products booming south of the border. Trade is a multiplier, not a zero-sum game, Ganley says. We tend to overstate how much Mexico is dependent on the U.S. But American producers may have more to lose than Mexican producers if Nafta disappears.  Trump hasnt killed Nafta yet. But as negotiations over a revamped agreement head into their eighth round, a trade war looms. The United States decision last month to impose steel and aluminum tariffs on most countries hangs over the talks, as do the planned trade sanctions against China. Trump offered temporary exemptions to Canada and Mexico, but only with the proviso that they remake Nafta to his liking. Even within the talks, avocado growers in Mexico and California worry that new anti-dumping duties proposed by the United States side could lead to a tit-for-tat retaliation that would harm both sides. Once it starts, Barnard asks, where does it end?  So long as global demand keeps growing, though, the avocado seems almost impervious to upheaval at home and abroad. The violence in Michoacn, for example, has not curtailed the avocado industrys goal of increasing exports to the United States by 15 percent this year. Nor would new tariffs necessarily stop Mexican avocado imports: The United States cant sate its appetite for avocados elsewhere (no other producer is big enough), and the Mexicans have no other market so big and so near. The price of guacamole and avocado toast would go up again, but consumers already showed last year, during a spike in prices, that they might be willing to pay more. The bigger effect might be that avocado producers heighten their efforts in other developing markets, especially the one with most potential: China.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  When I lived in Shanghai, I often bicycled to an open-air grocery store run by a woman everybody knew simply as the avocado lady. She was one of the first grocers in the city to carry what is known in Chinese as butter fruit, though her clients were mostly grateful expatriates like me or Chinese returning from abroad. Even on days of heavy storms or bitter cold, this hardy entrepreneur was always in her shop before dawn, wearing rubber boots and tallying prices with a pencil. I never learned her name, but last year, in an unnecessary bit of marketing, she hung a crudely painted sign  The Avocado Lady  in front of her store.  Photo  A decade ago, avocados were virtually unknown in China. The country imported only two tons in 2010; last year, it brought in 32,100 tons. The trend accelerated in 2017 when KFC ran an ad campaign for its avocado wraps called Green Is Going Red (to be hot, that is). It featured a pop star sporting an avocado mustache. The wraps didnt sell so well, but the ads made avocados cool for Chinas millennials.  Mexico was Chinas largest supplier of avocados until last year, when it was surpassed by Chile. (Peru is moving in quickly, too.) In the future, the competition may come from China itself. With state backing, some Chinese businessmen are developing avocado plantations in the southern province of Guangxi. If they can come up with an avocado that matches the Latin American variety, at a lower cost, then the global market could shift.  For now, though, China is adjusting. Most avocados sold there are hard and green  often to the confusion of the uninitiated. To solve this problem, Barnards Mission Produce built Chinas first ripe center in Shanghai last year, with another to follow in Shenzhen next year. And Barnard is dreaming big. If I could put four avocado chunks in every bowl of noodle soup in China, he muses, we wouldnt have enough avocados in the world. Only Mexican production would come close. And who knows? If American trade policy lurches toward a trade war, the farmers under the volcanoes in Michoacn might be eager to start sending their harvests to China instead.) = 1
(Since defendants failed to prove that coffee confers any human health benefits, defendants have failed to satisfy their burden of proving that sound considerations of public health support an alternate risk level for acrylamide in coffee, the judge wrote.  More than 3.4 billion pounds of coffee was consumed in the United States between October 2016 and September 2017, more than in the entirety of South America, according to the International Coffee Organization.  William Murray, chief executive of the coffee association, wrote in an email on Friday that the presence of acrylamide in coffee is not in doubt but emphasized that the levels are minuscule.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Coffee is much more than acrylamide  it literally contains hundreds of substances, and is one of the most heavily studied foods of all time, he said.  Putting warning labels on coffee would be simply confusing and misleading, he said, citing statements from the World Health Organization that the drink does not cause cancer and studies showing that coffee offers health benefits like longevity.  Coffee has been shown, over and over again, to be a healthy beverage, he said in a statement.  Starbucks and other defendants can file objections to the proposed decision within the next two weeks. You should expect that this matter will not be definitely settled in the courts for months to come, Mr. Murray wrote.  Businesses that violate Proposition 65 could face penalties of up to $2,500 per day for each violation, according to the California attorney generals office. Some companies have already settled.  In a court document filed in December, 7-Eleven agreed to post signs in its company and franchise stores and to pay $900,000 to cover civil penalties and the plaintiffs legal costs.  The National Cancer Institute notes that, among foods, coffee is a major source of acrylamide, along with potato chips, bread, breakfast cereals and canned black olives. But the government agency also mentions on its website that acrylamide levels in food vary widely and that people are exposed to substantially more acrylamide from tobacco smoke than from food.) = 1
(Basketball was the sport they picked because it was so cheap, Byrne, the Hofstra professor, said. They could do it in incredibly limited space with incredibly limited equipment.  Over time, the schools became a magnet for black players, including luminaries such as Bill Russell (University of San Francisco) and the championship Loyola-Chicago team of 1963, which broke an unspoken rule by starting four black players.  Black athletes, Catholic or not, often landed at these colleges partly because they frequently played basketball for the local chapter of the Catholic Youth Organization, which was originally founded as a kind of urban, Catholic parallel to the predominantly Protestant Y.M.C.A.s. The C.Y.O.s set many black players on the path toward Catholic colleges.  As more and more ethnic Catholics moved out of cities but parishes and schools stayed put, black kids were admitted regardless of religious affiliation beginning in the 60s, James T. Fisher, an American Studies professor at Fordham, said in an email. Then the church turned demographic fact into theological virtue by embracing urban advocacy and racial justice.  It also made competitive sense. Much as a New Yorker, Frank McGuire, won the 1957 title at the University of North Carolina by taking several first- and second-generation Irish- and Jewish-Americans from the New York metropolitan area down to Chapel Hill, another coach from New York, Al McGuire (no relation), used his personality  his charism?  to recruit black players to Marquette, in Milwaukee, in the 1960s and 70s, when many state schools still had unwritten quotas.  Photo  He sold kids and families on the fact that: Hey, Im a white Irish Catholic. I didnt grow up in the neighborhood, but I grew up next door to it,  Fisher said.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  There is nothing in Catholic dogma that specifically elucidates the virtues of basketball. Yet several scholars pointed to elements of American Catholicism that helped persuade schools to embrace sports.  Jesuit philosophy  embedded at so many top basketball schools, such as Gonzaga, Xavier, Creighton and Georgetown  extends to all aspects of life. It preaches cura personalis, or care for the person  in not only the intellectual and spiritual sense, but the physical one, too.  Catholicism in America taught that all aspects of life could be sacred, Byrne said, maybe even basketball.  Its not that sports were particularly holy, but you could see it as a holy thing to do. It could have the potential to give glory to God, said Byrne, referencing the Jesuit phrase ad majorem Dei gloriam, or for the greater glory of God.  For St. Josephs Coach Phil Martelli, these teachings comport with the sport that he called the greatest societal experiment.  In basketball, it doesnt matter if youre black or white, rich or poor, city or suburbs, said Martelli, whose wife, Judy Marra Martelli, played on those three Immaculata championship teams. And in the Catholic faith, you shouldnt be measured by those things  your W-2 or what you drive. You should be measured by your character.) = 1
(Some of the procedures outlined by the 1995 law protect harassers more than they do victims. Before those complaining of sexual harassment can pursue a lawsuit or an administrative hearing, the law requires them to undergo counseling that typically lasts about a month, followed by a roughly 30-day mediation process, then to wait at least another month. The reform bill before the Senate, which the House already passed, would streamline that process by eliminating the counseling and mediation requirements.  The female senators also complained that while the House passed a resolution in February under which it would pay for legal representation of harassment victims there, victims in the Senate would get that benefit only if the reform bill passed.  The reforms are apparently being held up because Mr. McConnell does not like a provision that would require lawmakers to use personal funds to settle sexual harassment complaints, rather than taxpayer money, as is now the case.  Thats right. For years, the American public has been paying for the misconduct of individuals on Capitol Hill. Between 2008 and 2012 alone, the federal government spent at least $174,000 to settle such claims in the House. Mr. McConnell reportedly formed his opposition to the provision, which he denied after the letter was released, after listening to the concerns of some of his Senate colleagues.  While Mr. McConnell once took a tough stance on sexual misconduct, including within his own party, he has also led congressional Republicans in closing ranks around President Trump, who has bragged about sexually assaulting women, and Mr. McConnell holds dangerously misguided views about the challenges women face in society.  I could be wrong, but most of the barriers have been lowered for women, he said in 2014. He was, in fact, wrong  women continue to face a wide range of inequalities, including a high likelihood of being sexually harassed at some point in their lives. Thats one reason Mr. McConnell should listen to his female colleagues and bring this bill to a vote.) = 1
(Those legacies were born of a tortuous story of colonial conquest and forced assimilation.  New Mexico, which had the largest number of sedentary Indians north of central Mexico, emerged as a coveted domain for slavers almost as soon as the Spanish began settling here in the 16th century, according to Andrs Resndez, a historian who details the trade in his 2016 book, The Other Slavery. Colonists initially took local Pueblo Indians as slaves, leading to an uprising in 1680 that temporarily pushed the Spanish out of New Mexico.  The trade then evolved to include not just Hispanic traffickers but horse-mounted Comanche and Ute warriors, who raided the settlements of Apache, Kiowa, Jumano, Pawnee and other peoples. They took captives, many of them children plucked from their homes, and sold them at auctions in village plazas.  The Spanish crown tried to prohibit slavery in its colonies, but traffickers often circumvented the ban by labeling their captives in parish records as criados, or servants. The trade endured even decades after the Mexican-American War, when the United States took control of much of the Southwest in the 1840s.  Seeking to strengthen the 13th Amendment, which abolished slavery in 1865, Congress passed the Peonage Act of 1867 after learning of propertied New Mexicans owning hundreds and perhaps thousands of Indian slaves, mainly Navajo women and children. But scholars say the measure, which specifically targeted New Mexico, did little for many slaves in the territory.  Many Hispanic families in New Mexico have long known that they had indigenous ancestry, even though some here still call themselves Spanish to emphasize their Iberian ties and to differentiate themselves from the states 23 federally recognized tribes, as well as from Mexican and other Latin American immigrants.  Photo  But genetic testing is offering a glimpse into a more complex story. The DNA of Hispanic people from New Mexico is often in the range of 30 to 40 percent Native American, according to Miguel A. Trrez, 42, a research technologist at Los Alamos National Laboratory and one of New Mexicos most prominent genealogists.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  He and other researchers cross-reference DNA tests with baptismal records, marriage certificates, census reports, oral histories, ethnomusicology findings, land titles and other archival documents.  Mr. Trrezs own look into his origins shows how these searches can produce unexpected results. He found one ancestor who was probably Ojibwe, from lands around the Great Lakes, roughly a thousand miles away, and another of Greek origin among the early colonizers claiming New Mexico for Spain.  I have Navajo, Chippewa, Greek and Spanish blood lines, said Mr. Trrez, who calls himself a mestizo, a term referring to mixed ancestry. I cant say Im indigenous any more than I can say Im Greek, but its both fascinating and disturbing to see how various cultures came together in New Mexico.  Revelations about how Indian enslavement was a defining feature of colonial New Mexico can be unsettling for some in the state, where the authorities have often tried to perpetuate a narrative of relatively peaceful coexistence between Hispanics, Indians and Anglos, as non-Hispanic whites are generally called here.  Pointing to their history, some descendants of Genzaros are coming together to argue that they deserve the same recognition as Native tribes in the United States. One such group in Colorado, the 200-member Genzaro Affiliated Nations, organizes annual dances to commemorate their heritage.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Race/Related Newsletter Join a deep and provocative exploration of race with a diverse group of New York Times journalists. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Its not about blood quantum or DNA testing for us, since those things can be inaccurate measuring sticks, said David Atekpatzin Young, 62, the organizations tribal chairman, who traces his ancestry to Apache and Pueblo peoples. We know who we are, and what we want is sovereignty and our land back.  Some here object to calling Genzaros slaves, arguing that the authorities in New Mexico were relatively flexible in absorbing Indian captives. In an important distinction with African slavery in parts of the Americas, Genzaros could sometimes attain economic independence and even assimilate into the dominant Hispanic classes, taking the surnames of their masters and embracing Roman Catholicism.  Genzaros and their offspring sometimes escaped or served out their terms of service, then banded together to forge buffer settlements against Comanche raids. Offering insight into how Indian captives sought to escape their debased status, linguists trace the origins of the word Genzaro to the Ottoman Empires janissaries, the special soldier class of Christians from the Balkans who converted to Islam, and were sometimes referred to as slaves.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Moiss Gonzles, a Genzaro professor of architecture at the University of New Mexico, has identified an array of Genzaro outposts that endure in the state, including the villages Las Trampas and San Miguel del Vado. Some preserve traditions that reflect their Genzaro origins, and like other products of colonialism, many are cultural amalgams of customs and motifs from sharply disparate worlds.  Each December in the village of Alcalde, for instance, performers in headdresses stage the Matachines dance, thought by scholars to fuse the theme of Moorish-Christian conflict in medieval Spain with indigenous symbolism evoking the Spanish conquest of the New World.  In Abiqui, settled by Genzaros in the 18th century, people don face paint and feathers every November to perform a captive dance about the villages Indian origins  on a day honoring a Catholic saint.  Photo  Some Natives say those in Abiqui are pretend Indians, said Mr. Trrez, the genealogist. But whos to say that the descendants of Genzaros, of people who were once slaves, cant reclaim their culture?  Efforts by some Genzaro descendants to call themselves Indians instead of Latinos point to a broader debate over how Native Americans are identified, involving often contentious factors like tribal membership, what constitutes indigenous cultural practices and the light skin color of some Hispanics with Native ancestry. Some Native Americans also chafe at the gains some Hispanics here have sought by prioritizing their ancestral ties to European colonizers.  Pointing to the breadth of the Southwests slave trade, some historians have also documented how Hispanic settlers were captured and enslaved by Native American traffickers, and sometimes went on to embrace the cultures of their Comanche, Pueblo or Navajo masters.  Kim TallBear, an anthropologist at the University of Alberta, cautioned against using DNA testing alone to determine indigenous identity. She emphasized that such tests can point generally to Native ancestry somewhere in the Americas while failing to pinpoint specific tribal origins.  Theres a conflation of race and tribe thats infuriating, really, said Ms. TallBear, a member of the Sisseton Wahpeton Oyate tribe of South Dakota who writes about tribal belonging and genetic testing. I dont think ancestry alone is sufficient to define someone as indigenous.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The discovery of indigenous slave ancestry can be anything but straightforward, as Mr. Trujillo, the former postal worker, learned.  First, he found his connection to a Genzaro man in the village of Abiqui. Delving further into 18th century baptismal records, he then found that his ancestor somehow broke away from forced servitude to purchase three slaves of his own.  I was just blown away to find that I had a slaver and slaves in my family tree, Mr. Trujillo said. That level of complexity is too much for some people, but its part of the story of who I am.) = 1
(Friday  1) 5 p.m. ART SEEN  For years, Hungarys art scene was known for being relatively unknown, though several new galleries are working to improve things. One of the best is the 2014 arrival Art + Text, housed in an Art Nouveau building whose ornate 1903 architectural details contrast stunningly against the contemporary artworks on display. Exhibitions focusing on emerging artists and modernist works of the post-World War II era change roughly every month. Get here early: Like many other Budapest galleries, Art + Text is not open on weekends, and only welcomes visitors on Fridays until 6 p.m.  2) 6 p.m. LEARNING CURVE  Relax over a glass and a bite at Tasting Table, a cool, casual wine shop and bar that became one of the citys favorite destinations soon after it opened in an atmospheric Palace Quarter cellar in late 2014. Owned by the American food writer Carolyn Banfalvi and her Hungarian husband, Gabor, Tasting Table stocks over 200 wines, which you can compare in flights of three glasses (3,900 forints, or about $15.40), while you sample local cheeses, charcuterie and other snacks. Placemat-size maps illustrate the geography and varietals of the countrys main wine regions, making it easy to justify another round in the name of your ongoing oenological education.  Image Rudas Baths, one of the citys most atmospheric thermal pools, was originally built during the Ottoman occupation in the mid-16th century. Credit Akos Stiller for The New York Times  3) 10 p.m. DOMESTIC DISTILLATES  Years ago, Budapest led the way for cocktails in Central Europe, with favorites like Boutiq Bar appearing on several global best bars lists. The new hotness: Good Spirit Bar, which opened last year in the Inner City with more than 350 kinds of whiskey and some 700 spirits overall, including takes on the domestic distillate palinka, made with beet, celery root and carrot. Relax at the spacious, L-shaped corner bar over a relatively obscure Japanese whiskey like the 12-year-old Togouchi (3,700 forints for a dram of 4 centiliters, or about 1.35 ounces), or make your way through the cocktail list, which bounds from classics like the Sazerac (2,400 forints) to such custom creations as Fig in Japan (Nikka All Malt whiskey, fig syrup, sherry vinegar and a dash of espresso, tobacco and bacon bitters; 2,400 forints). The list also includes creative, nonalcoholic drinks like the Sage Stage (sage, cardamom, lime, pear and tonic; 1,100 forints).) = 1
(In a Sunday Review essay last weekend, David Reich, a geneticist at Harvard, argued that science is changing how we think about race and urged a candid discussion of the findings, whatever they may be. Hundreds of readers left comments, many expressing worry about the possibility that the results could be misinterpreted or nefariously applied. Here are Dr. Reichs responses to some of the comments.  The Editors  Unfortunately, science has always been misused. From slavery, to eugenics, to economic Darwinism, to anti-abortion politics, the latest scientific knowledge has been employed in the service of evil. The idea of forestalling such efforts is valiant but fruitless. Science must continue its pursuit of truth, and scientists, as always, must speak out when their discoveries are exploited for harmful purposes.  Syfredrick, Providence, R.I.  We scientists always need to keep in mind our social responsibilities and to think about whether what we are doing has positive or negative effects on our world.  With respect to todays study of human variation, I am optimistic  I believe that it has been socially positive. It is making every racist view of the world untenable. In my just-published book, I explain how the ancient DNA revolution  which has provided far greater power to reveal what happened in our deep past than what was available before  has done far more to undermine racist beliefs than to support them. As I wrote in the final paragraph of my book:  The study of human variation has not always been a force for good. In Nazi Germany, someone with my expertise at interpreting genetic data would have been tasked with categorizing people by ancestry had that been possible with the science of the 1930s. But in our time, the findings from ancient DNA leave little solace for racist or nationalistic misinterpretation. In this field, the pursuit of truth for its own sake has overwhelmingly had the effect of exploding stereotypes, undercutting prejudice, and highlighting the connections among peoples not previously known to be related. I am optimistic that the direction of my work and that of my colleagues is to promote understanding, and I welcome our opportunity to do our best by the people, ancient and modern, whom we have been given the privilege to study.  My book also gives concrete examples of how it is no longer so easy to twist science to support long-cherished stereotypes because ancient DNA is now debunking the stories that used to be made up about the nature of human variation. As I wrote there:  The Nazi ideology of a pure Indo-European-speaking Aryan race with deep roots in Germany, traceable through artifacts of the Corded Ware culture, has been shattered by the finding that the people who used these artifacts came from a mass migration from the Russian steppe, a place that German nationalists would have despised as a source. The Hindutva ideology that there was no major contribution to Indian culture from migrants from outside South Asia is undermined by the fact that approximately half of the ancestry of Indians today is derived from multiple waves of mass migration from Iran and the Eurasian steppe within the last five thousand years. Similarly, the idea that the Tutsis in Rwanda and Burundi have ancestry from West Eurasian farmers that Hutus do not  an idea that has been incorporated into arguments for genocide  is nonsense. We now know that nearly every group living today is the product of repeated population mixtures that have occurred over thousands and tens of thousands of years. Mixing is in human nature, and no one population is  or could be  pure.  Having been immersed in the ancient DNA revolution for the past 10 years, I am confident that anyone who pays attention to what it is finding cannot come away feeling affirmed in racist beliefs. My childhood guesses about who we are and how were related to one another  and about the nature of differences among people  have been shown to be wrong again and again.) = 1
(Control over state institutions in Syria has given Iranian proxies a significant say over the purchases of property, enabling them to further consolidate their positions. The eventual goal is to translate their gains into parliamentary seats, ministerial posts and formalized control over state institutions.  The transformation of wartime militias into prominent political actors is exemplified by the evolution of Shiite militias in Iraq into versions of Lebanons Hezbollah. The Asaib Ahl al-Haq militia, which gained notoriety for sectarian atrocities and attacks on Western and Iraqi personnel, was established by Iran after the fall of Saddam Hussein. Today it runs extensive social and religious activities, including medical centers and clinics, independently of the Iraqi government.  Irans proxies in Iraq dominate the Popular Mobilization Forces, a volunteer organization of 100,000 fighters established in 2014 after the Islamic State seized Mosul and the Iraqi military collapsed. Iranian pressure pushed the Shiite-dominated Iraqi state to legalize the force in 2016, providing it with substantial financial resources and heavy weaponry.  The Shiite proxies of Iran in Syria are motivated by the fear that the overthrow of the Assad regime would be an existential threat to the Shiite faith, a fear that Tehran encourages. Iran builds social and religious networks centered on the Shiite faith and support for Irans theocracy. Through technical support and sophisticated use of propaganda, Iran amplifies the voice of its proxies. Collectively, these allow Tehran to circumvent local and national authorities and ultimately shape governments, settle disputes and, consequently, decide policies.  It dismays local political actors but in countries devastated by war, Irans rivals are often too weak to counter its narrative and its networks on the ground.  Unlike the rotating cast of American officials and military leaders, Gen. Qassem Soleimani, the commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps elite Quds Force, and his men have great autonomy and long engagement in the region. General Soleimani has run the Quds Force since 1998 and, along with his deputies, has invested decades of time and energy into developing relations with armed groups and political parties of all stripes across the region.  For militias, the corps is a desirable patron or partner, with its record of enforcing red lines and standing by its allies. The United States has failed to even establish red lines, let alone enforce them when it comes to both its own interests and those of its allies on the ground, as Syrians, Kurds, Arab Sunnis and Western-aligned Shiite factions in Iraq have found out.) = 1
(PHILADELPHIA  In the 1950s, 60s and 70s here, as in many big cities, there were dozens of independent mens clothing stores selling tailored suits, sport coats, dress shirts and furnishings (socks, ties, pocket squares) to dapper professionals. Among these were the Arrow Store, Morvilles, Diamonds, Irvings and Jacob Reeds Sons. Today, professionals no longer need be dapper, and only one store from that period remains in business: Boyds. Like the Liberty Bell and the stone Rocky Steps, Boyds is a local landmark, and one equally impervious to the shifting seasons.  For 80 years, the family-owned business has outfitted lawyers, bankers, doctors, politicians and famous athletes, with all-American brands like Hickey-Freeman, groovy European labels like Pierre Cardin and Tiger of Sweden and lately high-end Italian suiting and sportswear from Brioni, Isaia and Brunello Cucinelli.  When the former basketball star Julius Erving flew into the city for a visit from the Bahamas during the January cold snap and found himself in need of warmer clothes, he called Boyds, as he has since back when he was Dr. J., slamming dunks for the 76ers.  Boyds was the place to shop, said Mr. Erving, who all these years later still deals with the same salesman, Bill Bolling. They always had somebody who would make sure everything was just so: sleeve length, cuff length. They know what you like.) = 1
(Federica Armstrong discovered when she moved to Palo Alto, Calif., that Silicon Valley is not what it seems.  The worlds capital of tech innovation prefers to keep its superlatives, good and bad, under wraps. Along its Prius-choked roads, it looks like Anywhere, U.S.A.: single-family-home suburbs south of San Francisco, bordered by chain stores, auto dealerships and corporate parks  lots of beige, boxy corporate parks.  Inside these plain vanilla buildings, where C.E.O.s in hoodies and jeans stockpile more money than the G.D.P. of developing countries, newly minted techies complain that S.V., the worlds largest wealth generator, is too expensive and that its exhausting work culture is toxic.) = 1
(Mr. Ghandour said he had paid a premium to have a near hospital-grade HEPA air-filtration system installed since his 13-year-old daughter was born with special needs that include respiratory problems. The system was supposed to keep unfiltered outside air from entering the home.  More frequently, whenever it rains, Mr. Ghandour said there are several rooms that have water leaks, including an HVAC room with sensitive electronic equipment. The house, which is divided into three separate structures, includes a building that was designed to hold a sauna, steam room and showers. Mr. Ghandour said the leaking is so bad in that building that it sits unfinished and entirely empty.  Back in 2009, when planning for the project began, Mr. Ghandour, the founder of a Los Angeles-based venture capital firm, said he interviewed four contractors and ultimately decided to take the unusual step of hiring a commercial builder after being approached by a well-known company. He said they sold him on the idea that they would be perfect for the job because a home as large as his wouldnt be like building a typical single-family house. So why hire a typical homebuilder? Plus, the exterior his architect designed would have more in common with an office building or commercial space.  Photo  The company he hired was Lendlease, best known for its construction work on high-profile projects like the National September 11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center, the Sydney Opera House in Australia and the Petronas Twin Towers skyscrapers in Malaysia. Lendlease sold me on that theyd be able to translate that experience into high-end homes, Mr. Ghandour said.  Though representatives of Lendlease told him they hadnt yet built any comparable luxury homes, Mr. Ghandour said he was assured that his project would get special attention because it would be their first. They said, Well start a new line of business and this will be the showcase, the showpiece, he said.  Lendlease declined to comment on Mr. Ghandours characterization of its proposal or confirm whether the company had previously built any luxury homes of that scale. A spokeswoman said the company has built more than 400 residential projects, mostly in military master-planned sustainable communities for the Department of Defense.  Mr. Ghandour said he pleaded with Lendlease to get its subcontractors to fix various problems along the way. At one point, he said, Lendlease stopped responding, so he hired a high-profile construction lawyer, Robert Mann, to pursue a legal claim against Lendlease in 2016. He wants the company to pay for the necessary repairs he has made, plus other damage he still needs to fix. What I was hoping for them from the beginning was that theyd just do a good job, Mr. Ghandour said. And if they didnt do that, then theyd fix whatever wasnt done right.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Representatives from Lendlease said they were unable to comment on any of Mr. Ghandours claims because the case is now in binding arbitration. We disagree with Mr. Ghandours claims and regret that the matter has gone this far without resolution, the company said in a statement.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Real Estate Newsletter Every week, get updates on residential real estate news, covering the five boroughs and beyond. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Mr. Ghandour said the company did attempt to fix some issues, to no avail. An exterior stucco wall, for example, was meant to look smooth but instead has the look of crumpled paper that has been somewhat flattened. Mr. Ghandour said Lendleases subcontractor unsuccessfully attempted to fix it four times.  Other areas of the house could be even harder to repair. A large room at the top of the stairs was framed crookedly, six inches out of square, said Mr. Mann, the lawyer. Mr. Ghandour said he didnt notice the error until the rooms hardwood floors had been laid down and there was a gap that required an awkward triangular piece to fill.  Now it basically cant be fixed without reframing the building, Mr. Mann said. He also said the homes drywall was of a low-quality finish more commonly found in tract homes or lower-end commercial buildings. Replacing it would be extremely costly and would likely require Mr. Ghandour and his family to move out for several months.  Mr. Ghandour said the toll on his family life has been devastating. During construction, he moved his family four times, signing short-term leases after receiving assurances that he would be able to move into his home soon. By the time the property was cleared for occupancy, his oldest daughter had gone away to college. He said the stress of the project also took a toll on his marriage. Were still patching it back together, he said.  Jason Kellogg, a South Florida-based construction litigation lawyer who isnt involved in Mr. Ghandours case, said the recent boom in mega-mansion building has prompted a growing number of inexperienced builders to try to get into the business.  Though very large homes are in some ways similar to commercial structures, he said, mega-mansions are still best handled by contractors who have experience building large residences. Because once problems start, he said, they become immensely costly.) = 1
(Transforming otherwise neglected basements into lively underground drinking holes isnt exactly a novel concept. The buzzing downstairs cocktail bars at La Esquina and Acme in downtown Manhattan, for example, are both long-established after-hours bolt-holes. But recently, more and more New York restaurants have been expanding their presence from street level to subterranean.  While the obvious explanation might involve high rents and low square footage, the trend also, perhaps, speaks to our growing desire to hide away (for a few hours, at least) during these highly emotive times. Basements, both dark and out of sight, provide the emotional and physical space we need to unwind discreetly. You can create whatever atmosphere you want, and the best ones help you feel like youre escaping New York  or whatevers bothering you, says Ronnie Flynn, an owner of the retro-styled, bi-level restaurant The Flower Shop. The restaurateur Simon Kim, who is opening the bar Undercote beneath the upscale Korean steakhouse Cote in the Flatiron district later this month, agrees: I can get in touch with my creative side, and showcase how crazy and fun we can be. Below, four New York hideaways that prove downstairs is where the fun is really at.) = 1
(Tesla shares dropped 8 percent on Tuesday and another 8 percent Wednesday, and though they regained ground Thursday, they have lost almost a quarter of their value in less than three weeks.  Reflecting questions about Teslas ability to pay off its debt, its bonds have slumped as well. Those that will mature in 2025 traded at about 88 cents on the dollar on Thursday.  A Tesla representative declined to comment on the companys finances.  But the companys recent troubles extend beyond its balance sheet. Federal investigators are looking into a fiery crash that killed a Tesla driver last week in California, including the possibility that Autopilot was in use. (Autopilot was in use during a 2016 crash in Florida that killed a Tesla driver, but safety officials concluded that the crash did not result from a flaw in the system but found it lacked safeguards to prevent its misuse.)  And on Thursday, Tesla said it was recalling 123,000 Model S cars made before April 2016 to replace bolts that hold a power-steering motor in place. The bolts can become corroded and break, leaving drivers with only manual steering. The company said no crashes or injuries related to the issue had been reported.  Teslas reversal of fortune is a jolt for both the company and its chief executive, who had built a reputation not only as a visionary but also as an achiever, masterminding an automotive brand, breaking ground on a battery plant that would be the worlds biggest building, and launching rockets through his SpaceX venture.  For years, Tesla has ridden a wave of enthusiastic support from its customers and a certain set of investors, even though it generated barely any profit in the 15 years since its founding. Company events to present new models tend to have the feel of a religious revival, with hundreds or thousands of owners cheering wildly at each new pronouncement from Mr. Musk. Anticipation for the Model 3 prompted nearly 400,000 prospective customers to put down deposits of $1,000 each.  In November, before a screaming audience of several hundred guests, Mr. Musk unveiled a battery-powered semi truck and a two-seat roadster. He vowed to begin producing the truck by the end of 2019, even though the company does not have a factory to build it, and is still trying to work the kinks out of the Model 3 assembly process at its manufacturing plant in Fremont, Calif.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  There is a huge part of Tesla that is simply presentation and not substance, and Elon is a master at messaging, said Karl Brauer, a senior analyst at Kelley Blue Book. The problem is the reality is starting to stack up, and thats a reality of accidents the cars have had, quality issues, and massive misses on Model 3 production numbers. You add all that up and theres a real question about whether this company can deliver what it promises.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Theres no doubt Tesla has achieved some breakthroughs that have left the established automakers scrambling to catch up. It has proved that there is a viable market for electric cars, and that they can command premium prices. It has pioneered methods of upgrading cars through software updates beamed over the air, the way iPhones can download new operating systems.  And it was Autopilot that set off a race to develop advanced driver-assistance systems that can guide cars under certain circumstances and actively prevent collisions  though Teslas technology appears to have been surpassed by the self-driving systems from other companies, including G.M. and the Google spinoff Waymo.  Along the way, Mr. Musk has also courted controversy, including his move in 2016 for Tesla to take over SolarCity, a maker of home solar panels run by his cousin. A group of investors has filed a lawsuit contending that Mr. Musk had a conflict of interest because he was SolarCitys chairman, and this week a judge cleared the way for the case to go forward.  In January, Tesla gave Mr. Musk a new compensation plan tied entirely to the companys market value and other performance goals. If he hits all of the goals, he could be rewarded with stock worth more than $50 billion.  But the company has repeatedly failed to meet its own targets and deadlines, especially with the Model 3. Mr. Musk originally predicted that the Model 3 would arrive in 2017 and that the car would push the companys sales to 500,000 cars a year by 2018. He later lowered his prediction to 100,000 Model 3s in 2017. Backtracking again, he said last August that the company hoped to make 20,000 a month by December, and added that people should have zero concerns about Teslas ability to increase its output of the Model 3.  But in the fourth quarter of last year, Tesla made only 2,425 Model 3s. In its most recent plan, it hopes to lift production to 2,500 Model 3s a week. The company is expected to release first-quarter production totals in early April.  The Model 3 is crucial. The company needs to ramp up its Model 3 business to generate revenue so that it can pay back investors and fund development of future vehicles including its electric truck.  Moodys concluded that Tesla probably needed to raise more than $2 billion from investors to be able to finance its operations, continue capital investment and pay debts and other financial obligations that will come due soon. According to Moodys, Tesla has $200 million in convertible bonds due later this year, and $900 million due in early 2019.  Liquidity is going to be very tight by the end of the year, Bruce Clark, a senior vice president at Moodys, said in an interview. They need to re-establish credibility with the capital markets.) = 1
(Every autumn, caribou gather along the shores of Victoria Island in the Canadian Arctic and wait.  Once the temperature drops and the ice gets thick enough, dozens of them cross together to mainland Canada. There, if they make it, they will spend the winter breeding before heading back to birth and raise their young on the island.  The Inuit, who share an intimate connection with these caribou, have always said that a few lead and the rest follow along this treacherous Arctic journey. Now, new technology is confirming this centuries-old indigenous wisdom.) = 1
(The driver must use the throttle with precision, steer accurately and shift at the correct intervals to record a good elapsed time and top speed. The simulators ability to mimic the real thing is uncanny: Dodge reports a best quarter-mile simulator performance of 9.68 seconds at a top speed of 136 m.p.h.; a production Demon took 9.65 seconds and reached 140 m.p.h. when tested by the National Hot Rod Association, the organization that oversees professional drag racing.  We used the automobiles technology to create a marketing campaign, a campaign that creates a halo for the brand, said Mark Malmstead, head of marketing for Dodge SRT, the brands high-performance arm. The computers that control the simulation are right out of the Demon.  While simulations put showgoers in the drivers seat of a device that acts and feels like a real vehicle, virtual reality executions can pack a three-dimensional, 360-degree video environment  such as the interior of an automobile and the view through the windows  into a headset. The experience is often enhanced by electronic manipulation of the viewers seat. A number of automakers showed off such V.R. systems at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit in January, and the technology is already being used in dealerships.  Ford has developed a V.R. display called City of Tomorrow. The experience includes a ride in a flying machine that rises above a make-believe urban landscape and shows off some of the companys transportation technology. Dynamic control of the seat simulates acceleration and turning forces. It proved popular at the Detroit show and will be part of Fords display in New York.  After success with a V.R. experience developed for a Connecticut dealers showroom, Cadillac is expanding the effort to include more dealerships.  Photo  Like Cadillac, Lexus has developed a V.R. experience for dealerships and venues other than auto shows. It takes viewers to a virtual space where they can walk around vehicles, open the door to look inside and configure a car of their own, even before its available for purchase.  Lexus and Team One took the Virtual Showroom on the road to support dealer launches, create interest at events and inspire preorders, said Todd Lewis, events marketing strategist for the brand.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  But in todays fast-moving digital world, last years V.R. technology is just so, well, last year. So some automakers are developing displays that mix real and virtual objects in the same space.  Honda used such a system to pit its Civic Type R against a video game version of the same car. The competition, which took place on the Road Atlanta racecourse, is documented in a YouTube video. A racecar driver handled the real car, while an experienced video gamer drove its virtual twin. While the result is interesting  the cars finish within a second of each other  reducing it to flat screen video takes away some of the magic.  At the Detroit show, Honda offered a different mixed reality experience that employed Microsofts HoloLens technology. Wearing a headset, show attendees were able to walk around and enter a car, with holographic visuals promoting the product all along the way.  Carmakers are also using interactive video in their pitches. Many dealerships that sell Mercedes-Benzs high-performance AMG models are using a system called Power Wall to demonstrate the technology of those six-figure vehicles. AMG vehicles and their components are displayed on video screens as large as 220 inches, and with a touch-screen controller, users can view internal parts, move in to study one, and select videos or demonstrations that provide detailed information.  Fiat Chrysler has created a more modestly sized tool that it uses to market upfits  modifications that prep the vehicle for a certain job, such as towing  for its Ram trucks. By holding an iPad up to key spots on a Ram, consumers can visualize a variety of upfit options.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  But the most impressive way that companies have deployed fresh technology remains those hard-to-replicate experiences, like the Dodge Demon drag simulator or Chevrolets virtual reality experience, which puts users on a digital version of the General Motors test track in Milford, Mich., and at the automakers desert proving ground in Yuma, Ariz.  Chevrolet calls the display Four Dimensional V.R. because it involves not only the 360-degree view in the headset but also dynamic movement, vibration and even a bit of wind in the face. Electronically controlled seats toss users this way and that as a they ride around the track and up and down hills in various Chevrolets.  The display premiered in Detroit and was part of the brands Chicago Auto Show display last month, said Paul Edwards, Chevrolet vice president for marketing. More than 20,000 people sampled it at those two shows. It will also be featured in New York.  We wanted to take consumers behind the scenes and demonstrate what we do to ensure the quality of the vehicles, Mr. Edwards said. The technological level of the experience has a rub-off on the brand.) = 1
(This article was written with the support of the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting.  The best handyman living among the boat people in Chong Koh was named Taing Hoarith. Most days, Hoarith woke up at 5 a.m. and bought a bowl of noodle soup from a passing sampan, the same genre of wandering bodega from which his wife, Vo Thi Vioh, sold vegetables houseboat to houseboat. When she left for the day, around 6, Hoarith rolled up their floor mat and got to work.  Chong Koh is one of hundreds of floating villages, comprising tens of thousands of families, on the Tonle Sap River and the lake of the same name in Cambodia. Dangers on a floating village multiply in the rainy season. When I first visited, in late July, there was always something for Hoarith to do: repairing storm damage in a wall of thatched palm, clearing the water hyacinths that collected along the upstream porch. Sometimes the house had to be towed closer to the receding shoreline so that storms or the waves of passing ships would not capsize it. Every few months, he got his ancient air compressor working and swam beneath the house, a rubber hose between his teeth, to refill the cement jars that kept the whole thing buoyant. He was mindful of pythons.  The afternoon of my arrival, Hoarith was squatting over an old butane camp stove, scraping at a rusted gas valve. Rust was the common enemy on the water. Someone had thrown the stove away, but he thought he could fix it to sell on his next trip onto the lake. His wooden long-tail, moored against the house, covered in tarpaulin and heavy with cargo, carried him to floating villages as far as 90 miles away. I know Tonle Sap like my hand, he said. There was Prek Tor, a remote village where every family, rich or poor, had a wooden cage for raising crocodiles. And Kbal Taol, where fishermen lived in clustered homes on the open water, risking the daily storms, competing to catch hatchlings with nets up to half a mile long. Hoarith visited them all. He was sometimes on the lake for a month at a stretch, selling pots and stoves, sleeping rough under the long-tails planked roof.  But he always came back to Chong Koh, his home of several years, where the villagers live on cabin-size houseboats and junks arranged in tidy rows orthogonal to either shore. In the space between houses, some families raise carp and catfish in bamboo cages or keep floating gardens of potted pepper and papaya trees. Other villages are labyrinthine extensions of nearby shore towns, with broad Venetian canals and twisting alleyways, floating temples, churches, schoolrooms and oil-black ice factories. Chong Koh is relatively small, and shrinking  Cambodian authorities would like it to disappear entirely  but it lies about a mile from the heart of Kampong Chhnang, the large provincial capital, and as Hoarith worked, a steady fleet of peddlers took their boats to and from its markets.  While Hoarith picked at the stove with a screwdriver, a neighbor lay in a hammock, watching him work. The neighbor, like Hoarith and everyone else in the village, was ethnically Vietnamese, and he had a Vietnamese name, Vieng Yang Nang. But most of the time he went by Samnang, which means lucky in Khmer, the language of Cambodias ethnic majority. Both men kept two names on the water  one Khmer, one Vietnamese  and switched between them freely. They felt at home in both worlds, although they werent always accepted in the first. In Cambodia, where the concepts of nationality and ethnicity are inextricable, members of the ethnic Vietnamese minority are known as yuon, a ubiquitous slur that is sometimes translated as savage.  Playing xiangqi on the porch of a floating house in the village of Chhnok Trou. Andrea Frazzetta/Institute, for The New York Times  I sat on the floor listening to Samnang and Hoarith revisit a conversation from earlier in the day. That morning we had visited the school and the Vietnamese pagoda, stilted buildings near the fish market where Chong Koh once stood. Local officials evicted the village in 2015, forcing residents to move more than a mile downriver, and both buildings were now hard to access. Such evictions are frequent and unpredictable, and sometimes lead to other trouble. After Hoarith asked the authorities to help with costs related to the move, the police arrested him and accused him of inciting villagers to resist eviction. He spent three months in a squalid prison cell before Thi Vioh borrowed enough money for his release, after which the charges against him were dropped. They only wanted to send him a message, he thought. I hadnt committed any crime, he said. I had a reputation.  Hoarith and Samnang agreed that you cant fight evictions on the water. Floating settlements are technically illegal, and the Vietnamese in particular are powerless against such orders. The poor will become poorer, Samnang said. Hoarith said nothing, only swept the pile of rust flakes that he amassed into a knothole in the floor. He set a can of butane into the stoves empty chamber and pressed the pilot button. A bulls-eye of blue flame appeared. We laughed. A few houses away, a woman sang love songs on a karaoke system powered by a car battery.  The Mekong Rivers lower basin is vast, encompassing parts of Myanmar and Thailand, virtually all of Laos and Cambodia and parts of southern Vietnam, where, after a 3,000-mile journey across five national borders, the mother of rivers divaricates into a complex delta network and drains into the South China Sea. Tonle Sap Lake sits roughly in the middle of this lush expanse. On a map, it appears as a crooked blue finger extending from the Mekong near Phnom Penh. But it is more often described as Cambodias heart, both for its rhythmic flood pulse and the sustaining role it plays in the countrys economy and food supply.  Tonle Saps unique hydrology makes it one of the most fertile ecosystems on the planet. For half the year, the Tonle Sap River flows southeast from the lake to Phnom Penh. But during the rainy season, the swollen Mekong forces the Tonle Sap to flow in reverse, and the lake engorges to as much as six times its dry-season expanse, two miracles of plenty which over the millenniums have drawn fishermen and rice farmers alike to its doubly silted, nutrient-rich shores. Eels, frogs, shrimp and fish proliferate with tropical abandon, particularly in the fecund bottleneck where, viewed from above, the river appears to fray into dozens of delicate blue fibers before braiding itself back into open water.  The border between Vietnam and Cambodia, which divides the Mekong Delta, has occasioned more battles than nearly any other in Asia. The people living on either side have been in contact for at least a thousand years, an uninterrupted exchange of goods and labor that for the last four centuries has been marked by bold Vietnamese expansion. In the 1630s, a Cambodian king married a Vietnamese princess and allowed the Vietnamese to set up customs ports along the Mekong. The settlers eventually annexed the region, cutting off Cambodias access to the South China Sea and stranding many Khmer people inside Vietnam, where they developed a distinct ethnic identity as Khmer Krom. This occupation of Lower Cambodia has never been forgiven.  Taing Hoarith, a handyman and stove repairman in Chong Koh. Andrea Frazzetta/Institute, for The New York Times  Cambodias borders were formalized when the country became a colonial protectorate in 1863. The French imported Vietnamese workers for its rubber plantations and drew on Saigons educated elite as administrative clerks. The number of Vietnamese in the country increased 30-fold, to more than 150,000, or 6 percent of the population. By the time Cambodia declared independence in 1953, the country was polyethnic and multinational, with enclaves of hill tribes and other distinct indigenous minorities, populations of Chinese, Lao and Vietnamese speakers and boundaries that bore only a loose resemblance to those of its precolonial realm. It fell to Cambodias first modern leader, Norodom Sihanouk, to unify this haphazardly circumscribed populace.  Sihanouks grand idea was to redefine the historic term Khmer to include a wide range of ethnic identities. The policy rendered most of the nations indigenous groups, including even its Muslim Cham minority, inheritors of the ancient imperial lineage. But the ethnic Vietnamese had no place in this new national typology. Although small numbers of them had lived in the country for centuries, they were Cambodias hereditary enemy. After a 1970 coup, they became the targets of pogroms and massacres, adding to the chaos of that decade, which began with civil war and a brutal United States bombing campaign and ended with occupation by the Vietnamese Army. In the interim, during the five-year reign of the Khmer Rouge, millions died from execution, starvation and disease.  Since 1979, the ruling Cambodian Peoples Party, or C.P.P. (with the former Khmer Rouge commander Hun Sen at its head), has kept the ethnic Vietnamese in a state of limbo, informally granting and rescinding rights depending on local political climates. The C.P.P.s opposition, the Cambodia National Rescue Party, or C.N.R.P., is more consistently xenophobic, threatening to expel the Vietnamese invaders and reclaim Lower Cambodia. The partys former leader, Sam Rainsy, once proposed to send the yuon immigrants back, and before the 2013 national elections he claimed that if we dont rescue our nation, four or five years more is too late  Cambodia will be full of Vietnamese; we will become slaves of Vietnam.  Human Rights Watch has described the traditional Cambodian hatred of the ethnic Vietnamese as almost pathological. It is strongest in the cities, particularly in Phnom Penh, where it can be hard to differentiate between observable corruption and baseless conspiracy. There are legitimate grievances about illegal logging and fishing by Vietnamese companies, but some people also insist that the Vietnamese are to blame for the spread of AIDS or that Pol Pot was a Vietnamese spy sent to annihilate the Khmer race. The hatred is vernacular. Cambodians undergoing gastrointestinal distress say their stomachs are made in Vietnam, and the short, prickly tree whose nettles deliver a daylong rash, and which is known to invade a region and quickly overrun it, is the ban la yuon: the Vietnamese barb.  Its tempting to view the floating villages, where the highest concentrations of ethnic Vietnamese live, as a consequence of politically waterborne lives. In truth, the villages history is long and obscure, and no one knows when the first one appeared in Cambodia. The French naturalist Henri Mouhot  who discovered Angkor Wat in the 1850s, although it had never been lost to locals  found in Phnom Penh a floating population of 20,000, more than twice as many as lived on land. He described one village of Khmer and Vietnamese merchants just outside the capital:  [T]oward the southern extremity of the city, we passed a floating town, composed of more than 500 boats, most of them of large size. They serve as an entrept for some merchants, and residences for others. All their money and the greater part of their merchandize is here kept, that, in case of alarm, they may be ready to take flight at a moments warning.  Chhnok Trou. Andrea Frazzetta/Institute, for The New York Times  There is also the collective memory, rarely transcribed, of the floating villagers themselves, who corroborate Mouhots intuition that theirs is a lifestyle honed over generations to mitigate against the bad harvests, marauding bandits and unfriendly rulers to which minority Vietnamese remain especially vulnerable. Some told me that they had owned land in the early years of independence and that they had lived on the water only seasonally until the land was taken away. Others said they had always lived on boats. Some identified strongly as Cambodian, while others found the question of national allegiance absurd. We just live on the water, where its easy to catch fish, a monk in Kampong Chhnang told me. We lived everywhere.  Hoarith could count at least four generations of ancestors around Tonle Sap. Born at the mouth of the lake, he was 9 when the Khmer Rouge marched into Phnom Penh. His family was captured and sent to a labor camp in the mountains. After four months at the camp  where, he said, they tried to kill at least 10 Vietnamese families a day  the soldiers loaded the prisoners onto ferries to be deported back to Vietnam. Hoarith had never been to Vietnam. He didnt know where Vietnam was. He asked his grandmother, but she didnt know either. The ferry to the border took five days. Anyone who died was thrown overboard.  Around 150,000 ethnic Vietnamese were expelled from the country in this way, joining the 400,000 or so who had already fled pogroms under the ultranationalist Khmer Republic. The Vietnamese were both regimes preferred scapegoat: ingrate crocodiles who wanted to swallow Cambodia whole. Those who survived the journey were traded to Vietnam for salt and rice and lived out the disastrous 1970s on farms in the countryside. Those who stayed in Cambodia  20,000 to 30,000 people  were slaughtered, alongside 90,000 Cham and as many as 100,000 Khmer civilians who were condemned for the crime of having Khmer bodies and Vietnamese minds.  When the Vietnamese Army marched into Phnom Penh in 1979 and installed the puppet government that would later become the C.P.P., hundreds of thousands of civilians followed. Many were refugees returning home, but others were immigrants, and their presence revived the same fears of assimilation the Khmer Rouge had stoked. Hoarith and his family resettled in the village where he was born. It was still dangerous. In 1998, during a last gasp of Khmer Rouge resistance, soldiers waded into Chhnok Trou in the middle of the night with R.P.G.s and AK-47s. The village was mixed, so before shooting, they asked: Are you yuon or Khmer?  There is a tradition of rural pluralism in Cambodia that belies its recent history of racial violence. Most of the floating villages I saw were peaceful mlanges of Vietnamese, Khmer and Cham fishers, and many of the people I met, including Hoarith, were the product of mixed Khmer and Vietnamese marriages. But everyone seemed to agree that floating villages were traditionally a Vietnamese way of life, enlarged out of economic necessity to include other groups. Today the ethnic Vietnamese live on the water because they are not able to live elsewhere. Neither documented citizen nor, in most cases, immigrant, they are what the government has sometimes described as nonimmigrant foreigners. They cannot attend public schools or open bank accounts, get a drivers license or a factory job or own land or property. Their children are not issued birth certificates, precipitating a generational cycle of de facto statelessness.  A tomb in a Vietnamese cemetery near Chong Koh. Andrea Frazzetta/Institute, for The New York Times  Thirty years ago, none of this mattered, Christoph Sperfeldt, a researcher on ethnic Vietnamese citizenship in Cambodia, told me. No Cambodians had papers. There was no state presence. But the moment the state starts registering people, suddenly it matters. The expansion of services, including education and health care, and entitlements, including land ownership, has further marginalized those perceived as foreign.  Last year, fearing a narrowing electoral gap, Hun Sens government disbanded the C.N.R.P. and arrested Rainsys successor on charges of treason. In an effort to defuse the nativism that had fueled the opposition party, the state also began the process of formalizing the status of ethnic Vietnamese as foreigners. Last October, the Ministry of the Interior identified a minimum of 70,000 mostly Vietnamese foreigners who possessed irregular administrative documents. There may be hundreds of thousands more. Officials began sweeping the country, confiscating IDs and family books and demanding that residents either volunteer to move to Vietnam  where they are similarly considered foreigners  or pay a biannual fee for an immigration card identifying the holder as Vietnamese. We dont remove their citizenship; they are Vietnamese, the head of the countrys immigration department said of the purge. We just take the Cambodian documents.  With no formal legal identity and few of the rights enjoyed by their Khmer and Cham neighbors, Vietnamese claim to pay large bribes to the fishery police, the environmental police, the maritime police and other, more ambiguous authority figures, some posing as local journalists. They are subject to evictions, mobs and capricious imprisonment. Hoarith was released in February 2016, but when I met him nearly a year and a half later, the indignity of arrest, for which he blamed his lack of citizenship, continued to occupy his mind. I should be recognized as Khmer, he said that afternoon, moving close. His eyes were moss green. My family has lived in Cambodia for many generations. He pulled back a curtain in the cramped room, revealing a woman asleep in a hammock. My mother is 76 years old, he said. Even she has no documents. Nor, now, did he. Upon his arrest, the police had confiscated his birth and marriage certificates and the national ID card he received years ago.  It was agreed I would spend the night on the disused houseboat next door. Some of the weathered boards plunged into space when you stepped on them, and most of the floor was taken up by Hoariths supplies: rust-black sheets of tin, a roll of wire mesh, scales for weighing tubs at market. We cleared a spot for bedding, and Samnang and I chased down a boat woman selling old fabrics for a mosquito net.  Dinner was a leathery fish pounded flat and fried in oil on the camp stove Hoarith had fixed that afternoon. Samnang shouted to his wife over the water that he was staying for the meal. Hoariths wife and mother ate together on the other houseboat; his mother deftly hopped the gap to retrieve a can of beer from the icebox. She picked up a few grains of rice I spilled from my bowl. During the Khmer Rouge, this was our entire dinner, she said. This was all the food we ate in a day.  Inside a pagoda in Chhnok Trou. Andrea Frazzetta/Institute, for The New York Times  As night fell, Thi Vioh washed the dishes in a tub of river water, and Hoarith bought bags of bean pudding from the last sampan of the evening, a dessert cruiser strung with colored lights. We listened to the boats roaring up and down the dark channel. Young men in the village liked to modify boats with car engines for night races. Each motors throat cleared the air of the insects chirping.  It was in one of these brief pockets of stillness that Samnang explained how his brother had died last year when a night racer collided with his fishing boat. His 4-year-old nephew had drowned that year, too, while the parents were both at work. The water has its dangers, including diarrhea (the most common cause of infant death), accidents and drowning. Most children under 5 wear life jackets when their parents can afford them, and improvised devices  the grimmest I saw was an empty motor-oil bottle tied to a length of wire looped around an infants neck  when they cant.  Everyone was in bed by 11 oclock. From the shoreline came a hollow chorus of empty hulls knocking into mangrove roots. Behind a half wall near my mat, a few alternating floorboards permitted a view of the river between my legs: the facilities. Under the mosquito net, the world was awash in diaphanous pink flowers. Every few seconds, a green light affixed to a roof beam illuminated the room as a warning to nighttime fishermen, whose boats I drowsily mistook for low-flying helicopters.  In the morning, Samnang came back to Hoariths to take me to an old cemetery in the flooded countryside. He pulled up to the house in a timber-decked dory with an outboard motor whose steering arm he commanded like a limb. Chong Koh was already bustling. Families were gathered on porches playing xiangqi and eating breakfast, feeding chickens or exercising pigs and dogs along the waterfront. Women drove their children to market while calling out to neighbors what gleanings they sold, whether gasoline, soup or Coca-Cola. Two orphan girls were already hard at work, sitting amid great piles of trei chhlart and squeezing the guts out of each gleaming fish with iron rolling pins.  We drove past the fish market in Kampong Chhnang, where the dock was being hosed down after the morning rush. The village poor, most of them young boys, had moored their wooden taxi boats in the shoals of churned mud and were halfheartedly looking for fares. The water around us was dotted with the crowns of sunken trees and the rooftops of dry-season market stalls. Fishermen who had been out all night were coming home with coolers filled with riel, the silver carp that shares its name with the national currency. The rest were going our way, driving to the systems of nets and bamboo weirs they had installed on the lake according to loose territorial agreements.  At dusk on Tonle Sap Lake, near Kbal Taol. Andrea Frazzetta/Institute, for The New York Times  Samnang was friendly with everyone we passed, although he did not wave unless his hand already happened to be rising to pluck the cigarette from his lips. He had a fishermans shrewd economy of movement, and his toes were muscular and permanently splayed, the better to maneuver along the narrow gunwales of a boat in motion. There was an archipelago of pitted skin above his left eyebrow, where he said a drunk Khmer villager had once crushed a glass into his face.  We came to an overgrown graveyard in a raised field. Unlike the Khmer, who cremate their dead, the Vietnamese bury family members in aboveground tombs. Graves thus show a record of Vietnamese residence that no law or loss of document can rescind. Life on the water leaves few ruins, but even families who have immigrated to Vietnam return to Cambodia once a year, usually in March or April, for the annual tomb-sweeping that wards off the wrath of the spirit realm. We drove from cemetery to cemetery, scraping ivy from stones to find the dates beneath, until we arrived at a sunken fen where more gravestones rose from the water like buoys. Samnang pointed to one. My wifes grandmothers, he said. There had once been a large Vietnamese village here. The stone lay between two converging strands of river. In a few days it would be underwater.  Beyond the cemetery, behind a field of ban la yuon, we found a floating shack in the shadow of a ruined stilted house. A group of children waved from the window. Their father was in the abutting field, stomping through peat that came up to his shins, planting beans. He remembered the Vietnamese who used to live here, on the land as well as the water. There was even a Vietnamese temple  a wat yuon, he said  in a village not far from here. Samnang didnt know the village, but we decided to go look for it. The farmer warned that we would find no Vietnamese living there. After the Khmer Rouge, he said, they were afraid to come back.  We followed the farmers directions down a narrow stream that meandered for an hour past worm-infested trees from whose branches hung the teardrop nests of tropical birds. Around noon we reached the village, which was called Samraong. There was a dirt road where sickly cows communed with the bovine infinite beneath stilted houses frozen in midcollapse. Children played in the tall grass. Neang Kangrei Mountain loomed overhead, and between the village and the mountain stood an incongruously opulent temple. Its gate was red and gold, framing the mountains broad green slope. At the entrance stood a banner pillar, which connects heaven and earth in Buddhist cosmology. The pillar was square, in the Vietnamese style. Two stucco warriors stood on either side of the temple, 12 feet tall, pressing their swords into the earth.  We found an old monk in a hammock outside his hut. He woke up as we approached. Like the bean farmer, he remembered the Vietnamese. They had used this land for centuries, he said. Behind the monks house were two brightly painted tombs, whose caretakers traveled from Ho Chi Minh City every March to sweep them.  An aerial view of Kampong Luong. Andrea Frazzetta/Institute, for The New York Times  A group of men had come up the road as we were talking. Now they approached us. The loudest, Uy Poun, boasted to me that he helped to convert the abandoned pagoda 15 years ago, exchanging the Vietnamese gods for Khmer ones. I built this pagoda, he said. It had been abandoned for years by then, ever since the Khmer Rouge had moved the whole town to a camp at the foot of the mountain. Some Vietnamese were taken there, and that was the end of their time in the village. But they werent killed, he added. They went to Vietnam.  Another man, Ek Srean, disagreed. Many were killed, he said. I was an eyewitness. I saw the bones. I saw the bones in the pit.  There were bones, a third said, but we dont know if they were Khmer or Vietnamese.  The men fought over the fate of the Vietnamese for a while. Samnang and I listened and ate some boiled peanuts we bought in the market that morning. Conversations about the Khmer Rouge can have a dreamlike quality in Cambodia, drifting back and forth over the same gruesome territory  the crude methods of murder, the pitiful rations of rice and broth  while trading in rumors, jokes and legends. Facts are overwritten; memories change midsentence. A story is told that contradicts the one preceding it, and both are accepted as passing glimpses of a historical truth too immense to view head-on. After some cajoling, Poun admitted that Vietnamese may have been killed in the camps. But we didnt know, he added. Then he seemed to change his mind. The Vietnamese never came to the commune where we were.  We moved on to the question of whether a Vietnamese could ever become Cambodian. As usual, the word Khmer was used to denote both ethnicity and nationality. One man in the group put forth a tentative theory: It depends on their desires, if they want to become Khmer or not. If they give up their Vietnamese nationality, they become Khmer.  Srean again held a different opinion. They can hold the documents, but they cannot become Khmer. The Vietnamese are still Vietnamese. He shook his head and was quiet for a while. Unless the king signs.  Samnang, whose Vietnamese name is Vieng Yang Nang. Andrea Frazzetta/Institute, for The New York Times  This generated murmurs of approval. We had forgotten the kings signature. According to Cambodian law, Prince Sihanouks son, Norodom Sihamoni, is the final arbiter of Cambodian citizenship. All applicants for naturalization must meet his personal standards of character. None of us knew whether this had ever actually happened. But the men at least agreed that it might, and that the Vietnamese had lived among Cambodians for generations without any trouble. Vietnamese and Khmer married each other in this very village, Poun said. But not anymore.  They were expelled, another said with finality. And those who decided to stay were all killed. If they had white skin like a Vietnamese, like that  he pointed at me, not at Samnang, who was keeping his distance  they would be killed. I saw it.  The man seemed to know what he was talking about. Most soldiers and even senior political leaders who served in the Khmer Rouge melted smoothly back into village life after its demise, sometimes rejoining the very communities where they had once worked as executioners. It is rare for anyone to admit such things. The subject was raised in a tactful way. The man who had spoken thought for a moment, then asked to revise his story.  Well, I didnt see it exactly, he said. I heard about it. But someone who had light skin like you would definitely be killed.  I spent the next few weeks traveling through floating villages on Tonle Sap Lake and visiting enclaves of ethnic Vietnamese along the Cambodia-Vietnam border. In one border town, I watched a woman use an old land-mine cap as a chopping block. It had been planted in her yard during the Indochina wars and proved itself a dud. In Chhnok Trou, I watched Khmer and Vietnamese neighbors play rousing midnight games of cat te beneath flickering generator light, throwing handfuls of cash into the pot, and everywhere I was the object of extreme village hospitality that knows no ethnic or national distinction: stuffed full of giant river snails and prawn cakes, enticed with can after can of warm Angkor beer.  A child plays with a kite on the roof of a floating house in Chong Koh. Andrea Frazzetta/Institute, for The New York Times  Wherever I went, I asked local politicians and police officers what they thought of the ethnic Vietnamese living among them. The answer depended on where I happened to be. Officials spoke carefully in the cities, and I was politely bounced from the immigration police headquarters in Kampong Chhnang. But I had no trouble at the immigration police station in Kampong Luong, a sprawling conglomerate of floating villages, both Vietnamese and Khmer, on the southern shore of the lake. More than 3,000 ethnic Vietnamese lived in Kampong Luong, alongside as many Khmer, and everyone said they got along swimmingly.  The police station was near the shore, a tin shed floating in a stream of wet garbage. Deputy Inspector Poa Ven was inside the shed, sweating. He was happy to see me. We are aware of all foreign visitors, he said, chuckling, when I handed him my business card.  All the foreigners in the village were Vietnamese nationals, he explained. There was no difference between an ethnic Vietnamese and a Vietnamese citizen unless they got a letter signed by the king. No one here has Khmer nationality.  I explained my confusion. Most of the people Id met on floating villages could trace their lineage in Cambodia back many generations. They spoke Khmer fluently and had even been issued IDs by previous administrations. They had no ties to Vietnam.  Yes, he said, even they were Vietnamese. Those were the new orders from the Ministry of the Interior.  The kitchen inside a floating house in Chhnok Trou. Andrea Frazzetta/Institute, for The New York Times  But why are they Vietnamese?  Because they are still immigrants! Because they came to Cambodia in 1980, they are still immigrants.  But if they were originally from Cambodia, why are they immigrants?  Because during the civil war, they went to Vietnam, and after the war they came back.  Nationalism is always in search of an enemy. In Cambodia, the search has a neat circular logic: The Vietnamese are enemies because they are foreign. They are foreign because they are enemies. Their existence here betrays a contradiction between the myth of a pure Khmer empire and the countrys lived history of migration and movement along the Mekong. The contradiction has been resolved at times by violence, but it is perpetuated by education. The Khmer Rouge years may be fading from living memory, but children are still taught to resent the loss of Lower Cambodia, and every student has heard of the rapes, gas attacks and elaborate acts of torture that Vietnamese soldiers are believed to have committed during the Indochina wars.  All of that stuff tends to weigh very heavily on Cambodian minds, Craig Etcheson, a Khmer Rouge scholar at Harvard, told me. And that is very easy for opportunistic politicians to exploit and inflame. Etcheson is a founder of the Documentation Center of Cambodia, which has provided much of the evidence for the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia, or Khmer Rouge Tribunal, convened in 2006 to try a handful of senior Khmer Rouge leaders for crimes against humanity. The second phase of the trials, concerning genocide against minority groups, including the Vietnamese, concluded its final arguments last summer. A ruling is expected this year.  Lyma Nguyen, an international civil-party counsel at the tribunal, told me she had hoped that one consequence of the trial would be a pathway to a stable legal identity for Vietnamese survivors of the Khmer Rouge. But she encountered insurmountable resistance to the idea. Current plans for reparations include only a watered-down education program for raising awareness about nationality laws. Many mainstream Cambodians, including some lawyers and academics, actually dont think the Vietnamese victims of the genocide should have a legitimate claim to having suffered genocide, because theyre Vietnamese, she said. They think its all a big conspiracy by Vietnam to swallow up Cambodia.  Yao Bu Dung makes her way home through the marsh with her child before a storm reaches Kampong Luong. Andrea Frazzetta/Institute, for The New York Times  Most ethnic Vietnamese in the country continue to feel that they are Cambodians of Vietnamese origin. They refuse to give up hope that someday their Cambodian identity will be accepted in the country they call home. Instead, with somewhere between 400,000 and one million members, according to independent scholars, and virtually no international calls for Cambodia to uphold its own nationality laws, they are arguably one of the largest and least-supported stateless populations in the world.  The ethnic Vietnamese have taken to hiding their documents from the police currently sweeping the country. Its not the first time this kind of thing has happened to them. At the Vietnamese pagoda in Kampong Chhnang, I met a diminutive 80-year-old seamstress. Only monks and laypeople are meant to live at the pagoda, but she didnt have any family  her children died before her eyes in a Khmer Rouge labor camp  so the monks took pity on her. I asked whether she ever received any identification papers. She shuffled to her room and came back holding a small packet wrapped in twine. Youre lucky, she said as she untied it. Ive never let anyone look at these before. She began spreading an astonishing half-centurys worth of documents across the table. There were cards from Sihanouks Cambodia alongside decades worth of residency permits from Vietnam, to which she was twice deported. So long as she never showed them to anyone, the documents could never be invalidated or purged. They were her private legal self, a superposition of identities both Vietnamese and Cambodian. She would not give them up. Ill keep these documents with me until I die, she said, and then Ill take them to the grave with me.  The monks on the floating pagoda in Kampong Luong were preparing for the ceremony of the drowned, arranging yellow orchids and four-oclocks beneath a Buddha framed in flashing lights. A rented pavilion had been floated over and stocked with chairs. Young volunteers scattered riel and mangos on a picnic table, and all morning long pilgrims from Phnom Penh arrived to give money to the poor and receive blessings. It was August, and the air was torpid.  Drowning is a bad death, the temple laymen explained. The souls of the drowned become water ghosts  khmoch teuk in Khmer  causing shipwrecks and pulling swimmers under by their legs. The ceremony coaxes the spirits out of the water so that they may find their way to the next life or proceed to the heavenly plane.  The heat broke with a late-afternoon downpour. The children of supplicants made a game of leaping through the deluge onto an empty fish barge moored to the pagoda, then back again with fearless precision. At dusk, the ceremony began. There was an hour of amplified chanting before the head monk tossed holy water over the crowd and called for the doors of hell to open. As if on cue, the rain slowed, then stopped. The temple emptied into the ferries and sampans outside. At the front of the largest ferry, a monk rang a finger-cymbal to wake the drowned, and the boats slipped onto the open lake. There was no moon. The water was black. Webs of distant lightning soundlessly limned the clouds red. Along the sides of the ferries and the gunwales of each boat, families placed paper rafts and plastic lotus flowers into the water. Each was topped by a burning candle, such that the lake became a field of bobbing orange stars. All was still, save for the families who boated past, singing into the dark. Some of their boats nearly spilled over with children. Some of the paper boats flared up in a flash and sank.  At the ceremony for drowned spirits in Kampong Luong, families place plastic lotus flowers and paper boats in the water. Andrea Frazzetta/Institute, for The New York Times  Beyond the scarp that runs along Chong Koh, a new market complex was under construction, and with it came berms of red soil and cement foundations cratered with silted ponds. Once the market was finished, the villagers in Chong Koh would be evicted again, ahead of floating communities across the province. Officials said the villages were illegal and environmentally toxic. Their residents would be squeezed onto marshy rented plots earmarked for immigrants, far from their boats and fish cages.  Neither Hoarith nor Samnang wanted to move. I cant speak out, Samnang said as we sat drinking coffee in his house. They claim to give us a choice. But we have no right to buy any other land, so really its no choice at all.  We paddled next door, where Hoarith was too consumed by boat repair to worry about any new evictions. Last week he had chopped three feet off the back of his long-tail. Now his transmission was spread out before him like a gutted squid.  As he worked, Hoariths thoughts often went back to his prison cell and to the spot of cold floor next to the toilet where he had slept. I never discriminate against anyone, Vietnamese or Khmer, he said. But I was treated so badly. If he were granted Khmer citizenship, he said, all would be forgiven. My parents were born here, and I was born here, he said. I have that right.  There was nothing to say. Samnang found a hatchet to sharpen on the rear step over the water. Hoarith turned back to his work. A washer, slick with oil, shot from his hand. It bounced against the floor and off the side of the house before he caught it over the water, hissing in surprise.  The first people to leave Chong Koh went by night as soon as the new immigration cards were announced in 2014. Since then, at least a thousand have shoved off to other provinces or sold their houses and hitched to Vietnam, part of a growing exodus all over Cambodia. In village after village, the immigration police and council leaders said the same thing: The Vietnamese are leaving.  In a pinch, Hoarith thought he might be able to live with his wifes relatives in Vietnam. Better was the lake. On the open lake it was more dangerous, but he would be close to his ancestors, and the authorities there werent as strict. The boat people had figured out how to manage them, as they managed the squalls and the waves. They knew how not to challenge the weather but survive it, was how he put it. That was the trick. You had to plan for the storm before the clouds opened up.) = 1
(The most forged documents in financial history were the work of ordinary rascals who needed little skill to make money. All they needed was a camera.  Newspaper articles in the late 1850s began warning of the danger of counterfeit bank notes that had been made using photography. Both had appeared in the United States in the 1830s after President Andrew Jackson eliminated the federal banking system, allowing private banks to issue paper currency under guidelines set by each state. At one point, forgeries accounted for 40 percent of the nations currency, with photography often to blame.  For a time, the ease of modification and duplication enabled by negative-positive photography seemed to be a threat rather than a benefit, said Mazie Harris, the curator of Paper Promises: Early American Photography, a new exhibition at the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles which runs through May 27.) = 1
(JERUSALEM  Tens of thousands of Palestinians gathered along Gazas border with Israel on Friday to vent their pent-up frustration in a protest that quickly turned violent, with Israeli forces killing 15 at the border fence.  As many as 30,000 arrived early in the day at tent encampments on Gazas side of the fence to stage what was billed as the start of a peaceful, six-week sit-in. They were protesting against Israels longstanding blockade of the territory and in support of their claims to return to homes in what is now Israel.  But as some began hurling stones, tossing Molotov cocktails and rolling burning tires at the fence, the Israelis responded with tear gas and gunfire. The Israelis said they also exchanged fire with two gunmen across the fence and fired at two others who tried to infiltrate into Israel.) = 1
(Over the next half-year, the patient continued to have episodes of chest pain on her right side. Each time she had a twinge or stab, fearing another pneumothorax, she would call her doctor, and he would send her to the E.R. for an X-ray. It happened almost 20 times. The X-rays, though not exactly normal, did not show evidence of new leaks  until one day in May, when a chest X-ray showed yet another, albeit small, pneumothorax.  Photo  Why was this happening? The patient asked Patton whether the lung problems could be related to the hormone therapy shed had for in vitro fertilization (I.V.F.). It was really the only new thing in her life before all this started. It had taken nine fertilizations and nearly three years, but she finally became pregnant four years earlier and now had twin girls. Patton didnt know of any link between pneumothorax and I.V.F., but there was a link, albeit rare, between pneumothorax and endometriosis  a disorder in which tiny dots of the inner lining of the uterus tissue, known as endometrium, move into other parts of the body. Women who have endometriosis can have episodes of pneumothorax if those cells make their way past the diaphragm into the chest.  This endometrial tissue, like that in the uterus, changes with the monthly cycle of estrogen and progesterone, causing pain and sometimes bleeding. In the chest cavity, it could cause what was called a catamenial (derived from the Greek for monthly) pneumothorax. But did her episodes of pneumothorax come with her period? She wasnt sure.  Targeting Hormones  Patton had suggested starting birth-control pills to suppress the hormonal changes. She began taking them three weeks before the horrible night at her weekend home, which left her with difficulty breathing. First thing the next morning, her husband carried their sleepy children to the car. She carried the oxygen tank she got earlier that spring  just in case  and they set off for the drive to Lenox Hill Hospital. They stopped to pick up her mother on the way.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  At the hospital, an X-ray showed that her right lung, which just weeks before had a small pneumothorax, had now completely collapsed. Patton was shocked. The pleurodesis hadnt worked. The patient had been reading about catamenial pneumothorax, and even though hormone suppression hadnt been effective, she still thought this was what she had. Her mother found a gynecologic surgeon at Lenox Hill, Dr. Tamer Seckin, who specialized in the diagnosis and treatment of endometriosis. Mother and patient urged the two subspecialists to work together in the operating room, and they agreed.  In the Operating Room  The operation, which involved both doctors, took five hours. Seckin went first. He looked in the abdomen and pelvis and found many endometrial implants. He saw small patches of wayward cells on the bladder and the intestines and scattered across the abdominal and pelvic walls. But he did not see any on the bottom side of the diaphragm, the muscle that separates the abdomen from the chest. Although there was evidence that she had extensive endometriosis, it wasnt clear if it was the cause of her lung collapse.  Then it was Pattons turn. He would examine the chest and lungs. The patient was placed on her left side, and the camera and surgical instruments were inserted between her ribs into the right side of her chest. Patton carefully examined the smooth, curved upper surface of the diaphragm. Directly below the lung there was a patch of purple tissue, a little smaller than a dime. Were those the endometrial cells? Patton cut out the abnormal-looking tissue then sewed up the hole. He scanned the lung, from top to bottom, and found another small patch of abnormal-appearing tissue, which he cut out as well. The samples were sent to the pathology lab. He then fastened her lung to the pleural surface of her chest again. Before the operation was finished, the results were back from the lab. The tissue on the diaphragm was endometriosis. She had catamenial pneumothorax disease.  Recovery was slow after the operation, but the patient felt less anxious because she knew the cause of her lung problems. In a second operation, Seckin was able to remove all the visible endometrial implants. Still, there was no way to guarantee that she wouldnt develop more unless the source of the implants, her uterus, was removed, along with her ovaries. It was a tough decision. But since she wasnt planning to have more children, she felt it made sense.  That final operation was six months ago. And the patient says her life is slowly coming back. She jokes that after all these chest and abdominal operations, she looks as if she were in some kind of knife fight. And though her chest still feels tight, its good to be able to breathe.) = 1
(Photography in India is a paradox. There are ample commercial opportunities, but few schools devoted to the medium. So, for the people of the worlds seventh largest country  with a population expected to overtake China  choosing a career in photography means either learning on the job or studying outside the country.  There is very little discourse, said Sunil Gupta, an artist and the lead curator of this years FotoFest International, the first and longest-running worldwide photography biennial, which opens March 10 in Houston. There is no classroom situation, no discussion, nothing in print, nothing to be involved in some kind of critique. There are a few photo courses at the National Institute of Design, known as NID, in Ahmedabad, but Mr. Gupta said you can count them on one hand.  Yet, with the largest diaspora in the world  at over 15.6 million according to the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs  many Indian photographers already reside outside of the subcontinent. That led Steven Evans, an artist and FotoFests executive director and head of programming, to choose India and its diaspora as the theme for the 2018 biennial. FotoFest is also publishing an accompanying book, India: Contemporary Photographic and New Media Art.) = 1
(Looking around the room I was struck by the eclectic mix of people, a reflection of Jivas history as well as Australias.  For one thing, a lot of us had been refugees from civil wars who resettled here, back in the days when the countrys refugee policy was not so hard-line: Iraq, Bosnia, Sri Lanka  where Jiva and his family hailed from  and Vietnam, in my familys case.  The rest were different kinds of migrants, like Anglo-Australians a few generations in and people like Sonal from the United Kingdom  though her Gujarati family had fled Uganda under Idi Amin.  I saw a young woman wearing tortoise shell glasses and I couldnt place her yet she looked familiar  until I realized Id actually taken a photo of her and posted it to Instagram last month.  Id seen her speaking about illustrating a picture book at Lost in Books, a multilingual kids bookshop in Fairfield. She was collaborating with a writer I knew, Zarlasht, whose parents had come to Australia in the '70s from Afghanistan as Colombo Plan scholars.) = 1
(PARIS  Cowboys remain an American emblem to the French. They have seen enough westerns to have a clear idea of what cowboys should look like: proud, rugged, dirt-flecked  and white.  African-Americans, both enslaved and free, in fact, accounted for large percentages of cattlemen on horseback in the Old West. Yet images of black horsemen are rare in the American imagination  and in the Hollywood depictions that are broadcast worldwide. (The stereotype of a white cowboy is so enduring that Quentin Tarantino, in his subversive Django Unchained, made a running joke of bystanders being scandalized by Jamie Foxxs avenging freed slave riding into town.)) = 1
(So when Trump chose Larry Kudlow to replace Gary Cohn in that role, Kudlows remarkable track record on the economy  hes been wrong about everything  was only part of the problem. Beyond that, nothing in Kudlows role as a shouting head on cable TV has prepared him for the job hes supposed to do.  But no matter: According to Kudlow, the president says he looks very handsome on TV.  So Trump is acting as if his job were to run up ratings for his TV show, not to make actual policies. And in some ways this could be a good thing, since Trumps policy ideas are often terrible. As I said, Wall Street had a big relief rally when investors tentatively concluded that Trump wants to only play at trade war, and can be bought off with symbolic wins that change nothing real.  Yet America still needs to be governed, and Trumps lack of seriousness has consequences.  One consequence is that actual policy is mostly set by people with a hard-right agenda. Ben Carson, with his ever-changing explanations for ordering a $31,000 dining set, cuts a comical figure as secretary of housing and urban development. But never mind the furniture: In real life HUD seems to be abandoning its historical mission of fighting racial discrimination.  Similar turns to the right can be seen in many agencies. Trump hasnt managed to repeal Obamacare, but his officials have undermined the programs efficiency, driving up premiums and reducing coverage. Meanwhile, deaths and illness due to the collapse of environmental enforcement will be one of Trumps enduring legacies.  Another consequence is that if and when America needs real leadership, there will be nobody home.  So far, the Trump era has been almost free from crises Trump didnt generate himself. One of the few such events demanding an effective response was Hurricane Maria  and the response was disastrously inadequate.  So what happens if theres a foreign policy crisis, a financial crisis, a health crisis, whatever? Fake wins like the Korea deal wont do the trick; well need actual policies. And whos going to devise those policies? Lincoln had a team of rivals; Trump has assembled a team of poseurs.  And even if Trump should come to realize he needs better people, he probably couldnt get them. At this point, everyone with some independent reputation knows that you cant enter this administration without getting tarnished and diminished. Trump cant even hire good lawyers!  So one of these days, the reality TV administration is going to bump up against actual reality. And its not going to end well.) = 1
(The result: The change in average sales during the experiment was 7 percent higher at the stores subject to the new policies than at the stores in the control group.  They were not operating in the stability sweet spot, said Joan Williams of the University of California Hastings College of the Law, one of the studys authors. We basically held up a mirror to capitalisms self-image of efficiency and showed the misaligned incentives that are disserving both workers and the company.  Photo  Shifting schedules have long been a complaint in the retail industry and other low-wage fields, and the Gap study suggests that they are a lose-lose proposition. But there was one apparent conundrum at the heart of the findings: While the effect on sales was quite large  the 7 percent increase swamps the 1-to-3 percent improvement that many retailers struggle to achieve  the overall consistency of schedules improved only marginally.  Consider a part-time worker with an average of 16 shifts per month. At stores that attempted to make the changes, nearly 10 of those shifts were scheduled for a consistent time of day. At stores that had not done so, about nine of the shifts were consistent.  The explanation for how such modest changes could lead to such unusually large increases in sales may be that managers focused disproportionately on more experienced employees when it came to stabilizing the number of hours worked from week to week. That, in turn, appears to have lowered turnover among experienced workers, who helped their stores perform better.  It looks like managers did the rational thing  they had to improve stability, and so they picked the more experienced people, said Saravanan Kesavan, another author, who teaches business at the University of North Carolina. Now you have more experienced people in the store, and the productivity youre seeing increased, leading to higher sales.  Mr. Kesavan suggested that Gap could reap still greater financial benefits by making schedules even more stable and reducing turnover beyond what the experiment achieved. The attrition rate is still high, he said. (Susan Lambert of the University of Chicago was the third author.)  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The researchers chose the 28 stores in the study, then randomly selected the 19 where the new policies would take effect for just under a year. Although the managers in those stores had previously agreed to take part, the researchers could not be certain that they carried out all the new policies. The managers were simply urged to do so with the companys blessing, an approach known as randomized encouragement design.  Marshall L. Fisher, a professor at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania who is an expert on retailing and was not involved in the project, said the study provided compelling evidence that if you treat people decently, you get better results.  Mr. Fisher cautioned, however, that generalizing from the study to the company writ large, to say nothing of the entire industry, could be complicated. For one thing, he said, it was unclear if the improvement in sales would be as large as the researchers found if the company were to put the new policies in place in all of its stores at once. It is possible that the stores that adopted the new policies became attractive to shoppers, and may have siphoned traffic and sales from other Gap stores.  Photo  In a statement, Gap was noncommittal on whether it would introduce most of the changes across all of its stores.  Looming over the study was a gnawing question: Given the effort that went into making workers schedules more consistent from day to day and week to week, why wasnt there more improvement in the actual scheduling?  One answer, the researchers concluded, is that the biggest cause of disruption in work schedules at Gap stores wasnt the fluctuation in traffic from customers, as was long assumed to be the case in retailing. Overly narrow decision-making at the corporate headquarters was a major factor.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  In 2015, as the study was beginning, Gap announced it would require schedules to be posted at least 10 days in advance at all its stores in the United States. But schedules can nonetheless change quickly. According to interviews the researchers conducted with workers and managers, sales promotions mandated by corporate headquarters often required a large increase in worker-hours on short notice. So did preparing for store visits by executives.  Its just been a roller coaster with promo changes, one manager told the researchers. This week alone the window changed three times.  Another manager reported having probably extended two to three shifts every day in the run up to the visit by an executive.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The researchers also identified inaccurate information about the size and timing of shipments as a key obstacle to predictable scheduling, since processing new inventory is labor-intensive.  Mr. Fisher said those findings could have an optimistic interpretation, because they suggested that it was largely within the companys power to smooth out the peaks and troughs in its workers schedules. Some companies, like Costco, are able to provide more regular schedules in part by stocking a smaller range of products or scaling back or eliminating promotions.  Photo  In a statement, Gap brands top human resources official, C. David Ard, said, We are taking a closer look at certain decisions made at headquarters and actively examining changes that could further stabilize the store scheduling process.  In the meantime, the fact that an inconveniently timed shipment could derail a stores schedule may point to a broader issue: Stores like Gap frequently leave little margin for error when it comes to staffing because managers are given targets for labor hours and their ability to meet them figures prominently in their evaluations.  A lot of the instability comes from managers having tight labor budgets, said Carrie Gleason, the director of the Fair Workweek Initiative at the Center for Popular Democracy, an advocacy group. Theyre understaffing to basically meet their numbers from one week to the next. Its management by the practice of triage.  As part of its scheduling changes in 2015, Gap officially eliminated tentative on-call shifts that could be canceled at the last minute. But Ms. Stephenson, the Gap worker in North Carolina, said it was not uncommon for her managers to cancel a shift on short notice when they believe they can get by without an extra worker.  They try to do the best with what theyve got, and theyre very apologetic, Ms. Stephenson said. They say, Corporate says we dont have the hours.  Mr. Ard said: While we cant speak to this particular employees experience without further investigation, we will be looking into this issue as we treat such concerns seriously.  The most important contribution of the Gap study may be to chip away at a rigid approach to labor costs that may not always reflect a rational calculation.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  It is massively useful, said Ms. Gleason of the Fair Workweek Initiative. It helps make the business case for why stable schedules work.) = 1
(The citys education department comes to him for the data it uses to redraw school zones, he said, as does the health department when it needs to understand illness rates. Businesses use federal information to determine whether to open in underserved neighborhoods.  There are now 3.2 million foreign-born people in New York City, out of 8.6 million residents. Of those foreign-born, 46 percent are noncitizens, Mr. Salvo said. Mr. Salvo estimates that 500,000 are undocumented.  Those immigrants are side by side with children who are citizens, with an uncle who is a legal permanent resident, with the cousin who is undocumented. All of those people are afraid, Mr. Salvo said.  The Trump administration said on Monday that the question on citizenship would be added to the census, saying it would enable the Justice Department to accurately measure the portion of the population eligible to vote.  On Wednesday, the New York Immigration Coalition, an activist group, announced its New York Counts 2020 campaign alongside congressional and local elected officials. The effort has three prongs: to fight the question; to pressure the United States Census Bureau to protect the information of all New Yorkers; and to reassure residents that they can safely respond.  At the news conference, Nydia Velzquez, a Democrat representing Queens, Brooklyn and Lower Manhattan, said she is co-sponsoring legislation in the House of Representatives that will require the Commerce Department to provide advance notice to Congress before changing questions on the census. Representative Grace Meng, a Democrat from Queens who sits on the committee that funds the census bureau, said she and her colleagues are considering withholding funds for 2019 unless the question is removed.  In a public hearing last week before the question was added, Ms. Meng confronted the Secretary of Commerce, Wilbur Ross, whose department oversees the U.S. Census Bureau. I told him directly that this is about accuracy; this is mandated by the Constitution to count every living person.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said that he would join the multistate lawsuit brought by the states attorney general, Eric T. Schneiderman, against the Trump administration, to try to block the question from being included.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  In the last census count, in 2010, the citys response rate was 62 percent, but some heavily immigrant communities, like Washington Heights and the South Bronx, exceeded that, with more than 70 percent of residents answering the census questionnaires.  Adriano Espaillat, a Democrat who in 2010 was representing Washington Heights and Harlem in the State Assembly, said that was in part because of a robust effort by volunteers to convince residents their participation counted. Mr. Espaillat, who is now in Congress, said he could not yet encourage undocumented residents to take part.  I want to fight this question back, first, he said. If not in Congress, then in the courts. If at the end of this the question remains, then were going to have to come together to decide the messaging.  New York Democrats in Congress worry that an undercount could cause the state to lose seats. After the 2010 census, which the city challenged because it claimed that 50,000 residents were not counted, New York forfeited two seats, in part because of a loss of population upstate. That trend could hold for 2020.  Andrew Reamer, a professor at George Washington Universitys Institute of Public Policy, who recently published a study on the 2020 census, said that the census reaches the most fundamental areas of life in the United States: government representation, democracy and the economy.  The census data is like the electrical system, Professor Reamer said. It reaches everywhere in ways that are not readily seen.  For New York, inaccurate numbers could have effects as small as a serving at lunch. The Asian-American community is the fastest growing senior population in the city, said Howard Shih, the director of research and policy for the Asian-American Federation in New York. Census figures, he said, could determine something as mundane, but essential, as how much food a senior center would need to order to accommodate this population.  The data compiled once a decade serves as the basis of comparison for smaller, sample surveys compiled annually.  Anything that affects the propensity of people to answer the census is of concern to us, said Mr. Salvo, the demographer. The Census Bureaus first priority should always be maximum response. Anything they do to compromise that, frankly, works against their main mission.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  The Census Bureau, he said, creates reality.) = 1
(Alexa & Katie doesnt mess around  it opens in a childrens hospital, from which Alexa is desperate to be discharged so she can start her freshman year.  Ms. Wordham and the showrunner, Matthew Carlson (Malcolm in the Middle), use this premise to give a twist to familiar story lines about wanting to fit in. Alexa wants to be normal, and she lashes out when she feels that shes being pitied or given special treatment, leading to awkward situations with her overly protective mom (Tiffani Thiessen) and the math nerd she has a crush on (Jack Griffo). Her cancer  whose only visible consequence is hair loss, leading to a season-long focus on baldness and wigs  is like a mean parent, keeping her off the basketball team and forcing her to miss the school dance.  As a comedy, Alexa & Katie is about average, or a little below, if graded against the cable shows it resembles. But its a little more tough-minded than you might expect. The cancer theme leads to sentimentality, of course, but its also used to roughen Alexas edges: While she complains about being singled out, she also doesnt mind taking advantage of her invalid status when it suits her.  With On My Block, the audience age range moves up a few years, and the TV comparisons shift to Freeform and MTV. The 10-episode series was created by Lauren Iungerich, Eddie Gonzalez and Jeremy Haft. Ms. Iungerich created Awkward, one of the best teenage comedies of recent years, for MTV.  Photo  Ms. Iungerich grew up in Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif., and Awkward was set in that largely white and Asian-American environment. With On My Block, shes stayed in Southern California but shifted the demographics, setting the show in a fictional section of Los Angeles called Freeridge, whose residents are predominantly Latino and African-American.  The show has drawn praise for promoting diversity, but its most distinctive feature is Ms. Iungerichs sensibility, the same one she brought to Awkward: a kind of deadpan burlesque in which the jokes hit on the downbeat, and the young characters, no matter how bright, seem to exist in a constant state of irritable confusion.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  On My Block is a coming-of-age story built around a love quadrangle  two girls (Sierra Capri and Ronni Hawk) and two boys (Diego Tinoco and Jason Genao) trying to sort out their mutual attractions and jealousies. A fifth friend played by Brett Gray, whose slightly abrasive style calls to mind Kevin Hart or (very distantly) a young Eddie Murphy, provides the pure comic relief in a subplot about an urban buried-treasure legend.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  On My Block has the off-center charm and quirky comic rhythms Ms. Iungerich is known for, but it has a problem thats tied to its setting. The stumbling block Ms. Iungerich has chosen for her young characters is the gang life: One of the boys is expected to join his older brothers gang, which threatens to break up the fam (the group of friends) as well as the central romance.  Theres nothing necessarily wrong with that as a dramatic device (besides overuse), but its uncomfortably out of proportion in a half-hour teenage comedy. The shifts from football game high jinks or a characters apple-bong-toking abuelita to the question of whether to shoot another teenager in the head are disconcerting, to say the least.  If neither cancer diagnoses nor street gangs are your idea of a childrens-comedy premise, you might shift your gaze from Netflix to Amazon, where The Dangerous Book for Boys has its premiere on Friday. In this fictionalization of the fanciful boys-life handbooks written by Conn and Hal Iggulden, the central conflict involves a family whose three young boys are recovering from the death of their gadget-inventing father. Warmhearted and perhaps imaginary adventures ensue, facilitated by the fathers identical twin (played by the always engaging Chris Diamantopoulos). If you like your nostalgia straight up, without Stranger Things-style monsters, it might be for you.) = 1
(Yet quietly, the tech industry has warmed to the White House, especially as companies including Alphabet, Apple and Intel have benefited from the Trump administrations policies.  Those include lowering corporate taxes, encouraging development of new wireless technology like 5G and, so far, ignoring calls to break up the tech giants. Mr. Trumps tougher stance on China may also help ward off industry rivals, with the president squashing a hostile bid to acquire the chip maker Qualcomm this month. And Mr. Trump let die an Obama-era rule that required many tech start-ups to give some workers more overtime pay.  Mr. Trump has been great for business and really, really good for tech, said Gary Shapiro, who leads the Consumer Technology Association, the largest American tech trade group, with more than 2,200 members including Apple, Google, Amazon and Facebook.  Mr. Shapiro said that he had voted for Hillary Clinton, Mr. Trumps opponent, in 2016, but that he and many tech executives had come around on Mr. Trump. While they disagree with him on immigration and the environment, they have found areas where their interests align, like deregulation and investment in internet infrastructure.  Photo  This isnt Hitler or Mussolini here, Mr. Shapiro said. And even though the presidents new tariffs on steel and aluminum could hurt American businesses and consumers, disagreement in one area does not mean we cannot work together in others, Mr. Shapiro said. Everyone who is married knows that.  Mr. Trump himself has taken to naming tech companies he says are on his side.  After Apple took advantage of the new tax law in January to bring back most of the $252 billion cash hoard that it had parked overseas, the company said it would make a $350 billion contribution to the U.S. economy over the next five years. That prompted Mr. Trump to suggest he had made good on a campaign pledge to get Apple to bring jobs back to the United States.  You know, for $350 million, you could build a beautiful plant. But for $350 billion, theyre going to build a lot of plants, the president told members of Congress last month. Mr. Trump said he had called Timothy D. Cook, Apples chief executive, to personally thank him.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  In fact, Apple has no plans to build a plant in the United States. The company is uneasy with Mr. Trumps invoking it to signify how his policies are working, according to a person close to Apple who was not authorized to speak publicly. Apple has not, however, publicly corrected the president.  Mr. Trump has also stayed quiet on the controversy engulfing Facebook over user privacy, while other politicians have called for more regulations after revelations that the British political consulting firm Cambridge Analytica improperly harvested the information of 50 million Facebook users. Cambridge Analytica used that data to aid Mr. Trumps campaign.  Michael Kratsios, the White Houses deputy chief technology officer, said in an interview that while Mr. Trump and Silicon Valley had their differences, in places where we do see eye to eye, I think were achieving extraordinary success.  Dean Garfield, head of the Information Technology Industry Council, a 102-year-old advocacy group that represents the biggest tech firms, said his members walked a tightrope, supporting and opposing the president on different issues. Lately, he said, we have reached balance in the tightrope.  The equilibrium marks a turnabout from what had been a testy relationship between Mr. Trump and the tech sector. On the campaign trail in 2016, Mr. Trump was so critical of tech companies that Jeff Bezos, Amazons chief executive, once joked he might send Mr. Trump to space in a rocket.  Some tech executives have since disagreed with Mr. Trump on social issues. Mr. Cook emailed staff last June to say he had unsuccessfully lobbied the president to remain in the Paris climate accords. In November, Microsoft sued the administration to protect a law that blocks deportation of young undocumented immigrants known as Dreamers. More than 100 companies, including Google, Facebook and Uber, filed a brief supporting Californias lawsuit on that issue.  Even so, tech executives worked to build a relationship with the president, with some meeting him at Trump Tower before his inauguration and again at the White House in June. While in Washington for the second meeting, Mr. Cook and Satya Nadella, Microsofts chief executive, also dined with Jared Kushner, the presidents senior adviser and son-in-law, and Ivanka Trump at the couples Washington home, according to a person briefed on the meeting who wasnt authorized to speak publicly about it. This month, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin visited Apples headquarters.  Silicon Valley has found plenty to like about the Trump presidency. In September, tech giants including Facebook and Microsoft teamed up with the administration to pledge $500 million to computer science education. Amazon, Microsoft and Google are also eyeing the administration as a potential customer as Mr. Trump pushes to modernize the governments digital infrastructure.  Photo  But Silicon Valleys favorite thing about Mr. Trump is almost certainly his new tax code. Many tech companies lobbied for corporate tax reform for years before Mr. Trump signed the new tax bill.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Tech giants immediately reaped the benefits. Under the new rules, Apple saved $43.7 billion in taxes, according to the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, a nonpartisan research group. Apple then announced the $350 billion contribution to the economy over five years.  Most of the tally was previously planned spending with American suppliers and a $38 billion tax payment on its overseas cash. But Apple also said it planned to hire 20,000 new workers, invest in new data centers and another domestic campus, and increase a fund for innovative American manufacturers to $5 billion from $1 billion. It also gave employees $2,500 bonuses.  The president was quick to tweet the news.  The shifting relationship between Silicon Valley and Mr. Trump appears to have upset some tech employees. A Facebook page called Angry Googler, with nearly 1,000 followers, has been dedicated to criticizing Google for any sign it was cooperating with the president.  Not happy about Google pulling a 180 and jumping into bed with Trump? Same here, said the About section of the page, which suggests it is run by a Google employee. This month, the page posted an article about Google helping the Defense Department analyze drone footage. Weve gone from organizing the worlds information to  optimizing weapons of war, the page said.  Messages to the account were not returned. Google declined to comment.  Some tech firms remain discomfited about appearing as the presidents allies. Last month, Rob Goldman, Facebooks vice president of advertising, played down Russias impact on the 2016 election after the Justice Department charged 13 Russians with trying to subvert its outcome, including by using Facebook. Mr. Trump retweeted Mr. Goldman approvingly.  Facebook was uncomfortable with that association with the president, said a person close to the company who was not authorized to speak publicly.  Two days later, Facebooks policy chief, Joel Kaplan, distanced the company from Mr. Goldmans comments.  The special counsel has issued its indictments, and nothing we found contradicts their conclusions, he said in a statement. Any suggestion otherwise is wrong.) = 1
(Testimony from an F.B.I. agent revealed that prosecutors knew early on, but did not reveal, that one of their crucial initial pieces of evidence  that Ms. Salman had admitted driving by the nightclub with her husband in the days before the attack  most likely did not happen.  Prosecutors also faltered when they argued that Ms. Salman had created an alibi for her husband the night of the shooting, telling Mr. Mateens mother that he was out to dinner with a friend identified only as Nemo. But that line was Mr. Mateens own lie to his wife, defense lawyers argued. They put Nemo on the stand, over prosecutors objections, to testify that he knew Mr. Mateen had used him in the past as a cover story to cheat on his wife.  The more we learned, the better Noor Salman looked, Charles D. Swift, one of her lawyers, told reporters after the verdict was announced.  Photo  The jury of seven women and five men deliberated a little more than 12 hours before acquitting Ms. Salman on charges of aiding and abetting the commission of a terrorist act and of obstructing justice. She had been accused of giving misleading statements to law enforcement officers who interviewed her after the massacre.  Late Friday, the jury foreman said in a statement to The Orlando Sentinel that the verdict did not mean jurors thought Ms. Salman was unaware of Mr. Mateens plans.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  On the contrary, we were convinced she did know, the foreman told The Sentinel, asking to remain anonymous and saying he was speaking on his own behalf. She may not have known what day, or what location, but she knew. However, we were not tasked with deciding if she was aware of a potential attack. The charges were aiding and abetting and obstruction of justice.  And on those charges, he said, the jury was presented with no option but to acquit.  In federal court, where terrorism defendants often accept guilty pleas before going to trial, prosecutors rarely lose cases. A report last year by the Center for National Security at Fordham University School of Law found that, while Islamic State-related cases are more likely to go to trial than federal cases in general, every case that was resolved between March 2014 and August 2017 resulted in a conviction. The national average conviction rate is 92.5 percent, according to the report.  But prosecutors generally have been cautious about filing charges against possible accomplices in terrorism cases. Though an accomplice is sometimes the only one left alive to prosecute, such cases can be difficult to prove.  Prosecutors have got a duty not to be caught up in hysteria, said William N. Nettles, who was the United States attorney in South Carolina when a white supremacist killed nine black churchgoers in Charleston in 2015 and successfully prosecuted a man who had withheld information about that attack.  He said prosecutors must guard against allowing public emotion to influence their decisions.  The federal government should never lose a case, Mr. Nettles said. Prosecutors should never lose. They pick the fight, they pick the day the fight happens, theyve got the best investigative capabilities in the world. It should always be an embarrassment for the government to lose.  After the verdict, two of Ms. Salmans defense lawyers, Charles D. Swift and Linda Moreno, said in an interview that prosecutors had offered their client a plea deal in the weeks leading up to the trial but she had refused to accept it, insisting on her innocence.  The 31-year-old defendant wiped tears from her eyes after the verdict on the first charge was read. By the time the judges clerk finished, Ms. Salman openly sobbed, hugging her lawyers and burying her face in their arms. They, too, wept. She later left the courthouse with Fritz Scheller, another one of her lawyers.  A spokeswoman for the Salman family said Ms. Salman plans to return to California, where she had been living before her arrest in January 2017, to be with her 5-year-old son. She had faced a sentence of up to life in prison if convicted.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  I dont know how shes going to make up for two years, said Al Salman, one of her uncles, who sat two rows behind his niece during the trial. He said he intends to hire a therapist to help Ms. Salman rebuild her life.  Families of the Pulse victims sat in stone-faced silence as the verdict was announced. They walked out of the federal courthouse in downtown Orlando as a group, some of them wearing dark sunglasses, without saying a word.  After news of the verdict spread, a small group gathered outside Pulse, which has remained shuttered since the shooting, holding signs declaring, We will not let hate win.  Those of us directly affected by this tragedy must find peace in our hearts and remember that he was the one who pulled the trigger that night, Barbara Poma, the nightclub owner and founder of a foundation for the victims, said in a statement, referring to Mr. Mateen. This verdict cannot and will not divide us.  Video  The prosecutors, James D. Mandolfo and Sara C. Sweeney, declined to comment, other than to thank jurors for their work and say they respected their decision.  From the start, Ms. Salman had insisted she had nothing to do with her husbands rampage. The prosecution built a convincing case that Mr. Mateen methodically made arrangements for the attack, apparently inspired by the Islamic State propaganda he obsessively consumed online  including a video he watched weeks before the shooting urging bloodshed against Americans during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.  The burden on prosecutors after that was high: They had to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Ms. Salman knowingly and willfully helped or tried to help Mr. Mateen commit an act that would provide material support to the Islamic State. Merely being his wife or unwittingly assisting her husband was not enough, said Joshua L. Dratel, a New York lawyer experienced in defending terrorism cases.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  You have to share the intent of the actor, Mr. Dratel said. You have to do something to make the crime succeed  not do something that makes the crime succeed without knowing that the crime is going to occur. You have to have both of those elements.  Prosecutors did not have to prove a motive, though Ms. Sweeney, an assistant United States attorney, said in her closing argument on Wednesday that Ms. Salman could have aided Mr. Mateen out of love, money or spite. But while Mr. Mateens internet browsing and social media records showed intense radicalization, there was no similar history for Ms. Salman. In fact, twice on Facebook she criticized Islamic terrorists, at one point calling them bad Muslims.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  In todays world, to have a case like that where you have access to all the social media, you have access to the phones, you have access to the computers  all of that, and you dont have a specific piece of evidence pointing to her intent? You dont have a case, Mr. Dratel said.  In her supposed confession, Ms. Salman told F.B.I. agents that she and Mr. Mateen had scouted Pulse as a target for the June 12, 2016, attack, yet investigators apparently knew just days later that there was no evidence to corroborate that. That false statement in her confession called into question the rest of what she told law enforcement over more than 11 hours of questioning without a lawyer present. The F.B.I. made no audio or video recordings of the interview. The jury foreman told The Sentinel that he wished a recording had been available.  Twenty years ago, not everybody who you ran into had a digital recorder in their pocket, and we didnt have CSI shows, and we didnt expect to have everything on tape for us to see, said David S. Weinstein, a former federal prosecutor in Miami who is now a defense lawyer. But thats what we expect now. If there isnt a picture, it didnt happen. So the fact that they didnt record the confession helped to raise this reasonable doubt as to what was being said.  The final coup for the defense came during the prosecutions closing argument, when Ms. Sweeney for the first time suggested that the reason Ms. Salman told F.B.I. agents that she and Mr. Mateen had driven by Pulse was because she incorrectly thought the nightclub was at the Disney Springs shopping and entertainment complex, formerly known as Downtown Disney, which the couple did visit.  Offering an especially chilling detail, Ms. Sweeney suggested that Mr. Mateen bought a baby carriage and doll at a Walmart the night before the massacre so that he could conceal his AR-15 assault rifle and draw no suspicion as he walked toward Disney Springs, which prosecutors believe was his original intended target.  Prosecutors had never before assigned any importance to the stroller, which Mr. Mateen bought alone, while Ms. Salman was miles away, shopping with his credit card. Mr. Swift said in an interview that it showed his client was not in the loop and her husband had intentionally kept his plot from her.  Doesnt it make more sense to got to the Walmart with his wife for a baby carriage? he asked. If she is aiding and abetting, then why isnt she with him? If she was there, she might have questioned him: Why do we need a baby carriage? Their kid did not need a stroller.  The defense asked for a mistrial this week after prosecutors disclosed that Mr. Mateens father, Seddique Mateen, had been an F.B.I. informer at various times from January 2005 to the time of the attack. He is now under criminal investigation for financial transfers to Turkey and Afghanistan he made shortly before the shooting. Defense lawyers argued that the elder Mateens relationship with the F.B.I. should have been disclosed early on in the case.  Mistakes were made by everybody, but nobody would admit to them, Mr. Swift said. Mistakes were made by the interrogators, and by the original people who looked at Mateen, and the prosecution. At every level.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Salman was a solution to all their mistakes, he added. But the jury didnt buy it.) = 1
(There is plenty of drama in Ivor Pricketts images from the ravaged streets of Mosul, Iraq, or in Meridith Kohuts continuing chronicle of Venezuelas slide into chaos, illness and hunger. The details tell the grim story, but in an era when websites, social media feeds and text messages spread millions of images daily, we face the danger not of compassion fatigue, but of turning the page  or turning away  out of sheer visual exhaustion.  Picture editors know they are vying for time and attention. But they also know that in the best cases, there will be singular images and remarkable stories that stand out, that make it hard to turn away or to shut down. They make you feel, whether it is Tomas Munitas moody images of the unending wait for change in Cuba; Daniel Berehulaks documenting of the merciless, vigilante-style war on drugs in the Philippines; or Newsha Tavakolians portraits of her fellow Iranians as they go about daily life against the backdrop of geopolitical drama.  To feel is to engage not only your eyes, but also your mind and heart. It is to experience outrage, demand action or even just understand the common humanity we share with someone whose life is cut short, upended or ignored. It is to say: We see you, we hear you.) = 1
(I wrote poems in my closet, she said in a 2011 interview with Tufts Now, a publication of Tufts University, where she received an English degree in 1968. Writing for a living wasnt on the radar screen, wasnt discussed at the dinner table. It wasnt a practical thing to even consider doing. But when I look back now, I can see it was there all along.  First came a career as a high school teacher in the Boston area. In the early 1970s, though, the urge to write could no longer be denied.  I quit teaching in the middle of the year, she said. Not at Christmas, when it wouldve been at least a little bit logical, but in April. I couldnt even wait two months. I felt like it was now or never. It was a statement. To myself, really.  She spent years as a freelance journalist, writing the occasional short story as well, but didnt try longer fiction until the late 1980s. Her first novel, Eden Close, about a long-ago crime and its aftermath, was published in 1989.   Eden Close is not a novel of suspense but one of sensibility, Carolyn Banks wrote in reviewing it for The Times. Its insights are keen, its language measured and haunting.  Ms. Shreves career, and her book sales, got a big boost in 1999 when Oprah Winfrey chose The Pilots Wife (1998), a book about a woman whose husband dies in a plane crash, for Oprahs Book Club.  Photo  Im still a bit stunned, Ms. Shreve told The Boston Globe after Ms. Winfrey called her personally to give her the news. The book was made into a 2002 television movie starring Christine Lahti.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Years later, in an interview with The Irish Independent, Ms. Shreve voiced a hint of regret that the exposure had changed the view of her books from literary to commercial.  I dont think I could ever say aloud that Im sorry that the Oprah call happened, because Im not, she said, but I paid for it.  In a 2002 interview with The Times, Ms. Shreve said that several of her books, including The Pilots Wife, had been inspired, in a sense, by one particular white-clapboard house on the coast of Maine, near where she spent her summer vacations.  She did not own the house, and in fact had never been in it, she said, but she took a picture of it, hung it over her desk and imagined people living there and the events that transformed their lives.  Often those events drew on actual ones. The Pilots Wife, she said, was not based on her fathers career, but germinated when she overheard a snippet of conversation about a plane crash at a party. Sea Glass (2002), another book that used the house as a setting, involved the Great Depression.  Photo  Testimony (2008) was inspired by real-life scandals at boarding schools. Stella Bain (2014) was a World War I story. And her most recent book, The Stars Are Fire, published last year, draws on devastating wildfires that struck Maine in 1947.  Ms. Shreves marriage to John Clemans ended in divorce. She is survived by her husband, John Osborn; a son, Chris Clemans; a daughter, Katherine Clemans; three stepchildren, Whitney Osborn, Allison Leary and Molly Jacobson; two sisters, Janet Martland and Betsy Shreve-Gibb; and three grandchildren.  Ms. Shreve often said she preferred writing in longhand to working on a computer.  Something happens, I cant explain it, she said, but the process goes from the head to the arm to the hand to the pen to the paper.  Since her first novel was published, Ms. Shreve averaged about a book every year and a half. But she was not the type of writer who found that experience makes the words flow more quickly.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  If an architect had built 17 buildings, she said in 2011, invoking her 17th novel, you can be sure that he would know certain shortcuts, exactly what weight the walls could bear, what goes where. When you start writing a novel, nothing that youve done before helps in any way.) = 1
(The city chose the artists. This month the City Council voted to restrict cannabis businesses from operating in locations previously used as work/live or residential spaces.  Alistair Monroe, a tenant who lives in the building with his 82-year-old father, says they are pleased with the City Council decision but fear that Green Sage could still evict tenants and use the building for other purposes.  That would force the majority of us out of the city, Mr. Monroe said. We are truly about the creative process that makes the fabric and the richness of the soul of the city.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  California Online  (Please note: We regularly highlight articles on news sites that have limited access for nonsubscribers.)   The Trump administration is expected to begin an effort in coming days to weaken vehicle emission standards set by the Obama administration that would have cut oil consumption by about 12 billion barrels and put the United States at the forefront worldwide in the manufacture of electric and highly fuel efficient vehicles. California is preparing for a fight. Xavier Becerra, the attorney general, is vowing to stick with the stricter rules even if Washington rolls back federal standards. [The New York Times]   A Latino boy in San Franciscos public school system received all Fs from grade nine to the first semester of grade 12. Its a stark example of what educators in the city euphemistically call the achievement gap. Nothing has changed in years and years, said the head of a community services center. Theres no help. Theres no intervention. [San Francisco Chronicle]   The Rev. Al Sharpton delivered a eulogy for Stephon Clark as Mr. Clarks brother, Stevante, clutched Mr. Sharpton in grief. [Associated Press via US News]  Advertisement Continue reading the main story   When Stephon Clark protesters shout in their faces, whats a cop to do? [The Sacramento Bee]  Photo   Tesla looked like the future. Now some are asking if it has one. [The New York Times]   Judge Stephen Reinhardt, a liberal stalwart on the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals for nearly four decades, died Thursday. Among many other key decisions, he wrote a 2012 opinion striking down Californias gay marriage ban. [San Francisco Chronicle]   Hector Barajas, a military veteran deported to Mexico in 2004 is getting U.S. citizenship following a pardon last year by Gov. Jerry Brown. [San Diego Union Tribune]   They lived on opposite sides of Los Angeles, which made it a long-distance relationship. He was a middle-school teacher. She had health problems; she worried that her time was up and didnt want to die a virgin. A Modern Love column was born. [The New York Times]   In a proposed ruling, a Los Angeles judge has determined that coffee companies must carry an ominous cancer warning label because of a chemical produced in the roasting process. [Associated Press via SFGate]  Photo   It was the first day on the job for Cali Brown, Californias Deputy First Dog. The puppy is a bordoodle, a cross between a border collie and a poodle. [Twitter] Her appointment was announced here.  And Finally   Photo  On baseballs opening day Thursday the Giants beat the Dodgers 1-0. But it was just the start of a season for California teams with some high-profile additions to show off.  As everyone remembers, the last baseball season ended at Dodger Stadium, where the Houston Astros squeezed the life from the home team in Game 7 of the World Series. The Dodgers cut ties with the goat of that series  the twice-thrashed starter Yu Darvish, who signed with the Chicago Cubs  but retain a strong roster in pursuit of their first championship in 30 years.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Three of their California neighbors made some of the splashiest additions of the off-season. The San Francisco Giants traded for the cornerstones of two faraway teams, acquiring third baseman Evan Longoria from the Tampa Bay Rays and outfielder Andrew McCutchen from the Pittsburgh Pirates.  The San Diego Padres  rarely big spenders  gave out the richest contract on the free agent market, lavishing $144 million on an eight-year deal for first baseman Eric Hosmer, who won a World Series title and four Gold Gloves for the Kansas City Royals.  In Anaheim, the Los Angeles Angels scored a coup when Shohei Ohtani, a pitching and hitting sensation from Japan, chose them over the field. Ohtani had a rocky spring training, but he started at designated hitter in Oakland on opening day Thursday and is scheduled to make his pitching debut against the As on Sunday. The Angels have still not won a playoff game with the sublime Mike Trout on their roster, but theyll try to change that with help from Ohtani and new infielders Ian Kinsler and Zack Cozart.  The As have finished in the American League West cellar in each of the last three seasons, and two of their most promising young pitchers  Jharel Cotton and A.J. Puk  learned in spring training that they needed Tommy John surgery. Even so, the As made a few additions, including catcher Jonathan Lucroy and right fielder Stephen Piscotty, who could help them move up a spot or two.  As for the Dodgers, they will most likely face tougher competition in the National League West than the Padres and the Giants  especially after the Giants lost their ace, Madison Bumgarner, to a broken finger on his pitching hand last week. The Arizona Diamondbacks and the Colorado Rockies both won wild cards last season, and could challenge the Dodgers attempt to win their sixth division title in a row.  Of course, for the Dodgers, winning the division is not the goal. The best pitcher on the planet, Clayton Kershaw, can opt out of his contract after the season. For all his individual success, Kershaw is missing the one thing Johnny Podres, Sandy Koufax, Don Drysdale, Fernando Valenzuela and Orel Hershiser all captured in Dodger blue: a championship ring.  California Today goes live at 6 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com.  California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C. Berkeley.) = 1
(Resting along the Danube, with the Hungarian Parliament Building on one bank and the Fishermans Bastion standing watch over the other, Budapest is a city of art, architecture, history, and of course, luxurious thermal baths. If you want to visit, youll need to prepare. Heres what to bring.  Weve shared packing essentials for any 36-hour trip in previous lists, so I asked Evan Rail, our travel columnist whos been to Budapest several times, to name a few items he thinks any tourist would be glad they packed.  Then we turned to Ria Misra, an editor at Wirecutter, for the best products to fill those needs  and her expert suggestions for other things to pack to make the most of your trip. Here are their picks.  Dont Forget Your:  Comfortable, Quality Sleep Mask. For the already jet-lagged traveler, Budapests late-night scene can be as much a challenge as a charm  especially since, as Mr. Rail notes, hotel curtains rarely seem to be designed with the citys night life in mind. I can vouch for this, having once slept in a hotel room looking out at the Budapest Eye, which was always beautiful and quite colorful, but bright even at night. Bring a good sleep mask, like the Nidra Deep Rest. Ms. Misra offered a helpful reminder: Pack it in your carry-on for the flight so that you get some rest on the way. (For best results, combine it with a good pair of ear plugs and the Travelrest Ultimate Memory Foam Travel Pillow.)  Swimsuit and Towel. For the thermal pools at the Rudas Baths, youll want your swimsuit and a quick-drying towel. The Packtowl Personal, collapses down into its own little pouch, has a loop for hanging between soaks, and is made of a fast-drying microfiber, so you wont need to worry about pulling a sopping towel from the bottom of your pack at the end of the day.  Lightweight Daypack. Budapest is the kind of place where you can find wonderful souvenirs: storied antiques, Communist-era tchotchkes, and stuff from the citys surprisingly cool contemporary design scene, Mr. Rail said. A lightweight, durable daypack, like L.L.Beans Stowaway Day Pack  which you can stuff into its own pocket until you need it  will be incredibly useful.  Sun Protection. Even in the winter, the sunlight there can be startlingly bright, especially compared to grayer destinations in Central Europe, Mr. Rail said. Bring sunscreen (and use it correctly!) and a pair of sunglasses, like these Kent Wangs.) = 1
(Ms. Pill, in the least developed role, nevertheless suggests a youthful vanity as powerful as As. In her own hard shell of a navy pinstripe suit, she is tart, verging on pitiless; you feel her need to distance herself from the prospect of becoming exactly the same kind of woman.  And then, in the second act, here performed continuously with the first, her nightmare comes true.  Having slyly acclimatized the audience to a naturalistic comedy about the frailty of memory, Albee gleefully reshuffles the cards. After a boffo stage trick straight out of vaudeville, he lands you in a newly arranged world, in which A, B and C are no longer different women but the same one, refracted, at different ages.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  In the new configuration, with the whole cast dressed in coordinated purples  the superb costumes are by Ann Roth  the tone darkens even as the play remains raucously funny. You may never have heard a dirty story about a mans anatomy told as Ms. Jackson does in the second act, but A, B and C, now a living time-lapse photograph, have more at stake in one anothers success, and more at risk in failure.  Perhaps thats because they are all, in essence, Albees mother, who (he always said) bought him from an adoption agency for $133.30 and forever after hoped to return him. Three Tall Women is based, in part, on conversations she had with him about her life, marriage and unhappy parenthood. In more ways than one, Albee hovers about the action.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  But unlike in much of his early work, he does not insist on dominating it. Three Tall Women is rigorous but also generous, even loving, to its characters  and audience. It honors the womens flintiness and fear as C swears not to become B and B hopes not to become A. In doing so, it slips Beckettian existentialism through the commercial barricades by disguising it as comfortable mainstream entertainment.  Well, not always comfortable. By the end, when Ms. Jackson gives voice to As terror as her faculties wane, and considers the idea that death will be a relief, you may be struck, as I was most recently in the Signature Theaters revival of At Home at the Zoo, by Albees willingness to go anywhere. Or rather, his unwillingness not to.  That doesnt mean this is a perfect play. Given the Cubist structure, its not surprising that the themes eventually start to recycle with more panache than novelty. And C, as written, does not always stand for compelling.  Still, time has been good to Three Tall Women, and Mr. Mantellos production further burnishes its insights and confirms its originality. The staging tricks enhance the ones that Albee built in, with Miriam Buethers astonishing set design, at first so pretty and cozy, holding unexpected dimensions of alienation in store. The lighting (by Paul Gallo) and subtle sound design (by Fitz Patton) beautifully support the idea of a play slipping identities in the same way its characters do.  Finally, though, it comes back to the actors. Ms. Jacksons history with us, and her aura of indomitability, mean that she is not merely a casting coup for A but a natural advocate for the plays central themes. She is, politically and personally, the embodiment of not going gentle into that good night; death and Thatcherism are all the same to her.  And though Ms. Metcalf and Ms. Pill look nothing like Ms. Jackson, or each other, they bring more important skills and associations to their roles. Ms. Metcalf, once known for tragedy but now transformed into a peerless comedian (thanks to Roseanne, A Dolls House, Part 2 and Lady Bird), is thus a very Albee creature. And it is not irrelevant, seeing Ms. Pills just-holding-it-together C, to think of the devastated young woman she played, under Mr. Mantellos direction, in the Off Broadway premiere of Blackbird.  Watching these three women in Three Tall Women means seeing the ghosts and echoes of many other women as well. They complete Albees imaginative leap into difficult souls, which of course means all of us. And they honor a play that despite its frailties and wrinkles has aged beautifully, into a burning, raving classic.) = 1
(Baking sheet  A sheet pan is a pretty useful kitchen tool, and you probably already own one. But it might be time for an upgrade. You want a cookie sheet thats thick and sturdy enough to give you an even bake. If yours is too warped to sit flat in your oven, or so thin that the bottom of your cookies are constantly burning, consider getting a replacement.  I like a rimmed sheet that will also work for roasting veggies or throwing together a quick sheet-pan supper, and Wirecutters pick, the Nordic Ware Bakers Half Sheet, fits the bill. But if youre looking for a more traditional rimless cookie sheet, Wirecutter also likes the Vollrath Wear-Ever Cookie Sheet.  Measuring tools  Baking demands precision, so bakers need measuring tools they can trust. I have taken this principle to the extreme and now bring my own measuring spoons and cups to other peoples kitchens. Your mileage may vary.  Wirecutters pick for measuring spoons, the Prepworks by Progressive Magnetic Measuring Spoons, are the ones I carry into the homes of others. You also might want measuring cups, so consider these KitchenMade stainless steel ones.  Kitchen scale  Kitchen scales are the only way to achieve truly consistent baking results. Flour has a notoriously variable weight-to-volume ratio, and that can throw off your finished product. Wirecutter likes the Escali Primo digital scale.  Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Smarter Living Newsletter A weekly roundup of the best advice from The Times on living a better, smarter, more fulfilling life. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.  Oven thermometer  While were talking about precision: The dial or digital thermostat on your oven is probably lying to you. Or maybe its not! But wouldnt it be great to know?  Get a thermometer to make sure your oven is exactly where you need it to be. Your baked goods will turn out better because of it. I like this stainless steel one from Rubbermaid.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Parchment paper  Hey, remember that baking sheet you bought? Youll want to line it with something so you can liberate your cookies without them sticking. The same goes for any cake pans you buy, or any leftover dough you want to freeze for another day. The Wirecutter recommends Beyond Gourmets unbleached parchment paper.  Best of Smarter Living  5 Simple Tips for Getting Stellar Hotel Service Whether youre staying in a luxury resort or a budget-friendly hotel, keep these tips in mind for superior service and a relaxing stay.  What Young Rats Workouts Could Tell Us About Our Hearts Exercising as a youngster might mean more heart-muscle cells as a grown-up.  What to Expect From a Home Inspection If you think youve found your dream house, be sure to hire a professional to check everything out before you commit.  How Do I Deal With My Anger Toward Men? A reader wonders whether she can rise above past transgressions by men, and her anger at the current administration, to find love and a life partner.  Am I Contagious? Whether you are contagious may depend on how long you have been sick, and not necessarily on whether you are coughing and sneezing.  You May Be Using Your Childs Car Seat Incorrectly Many people misuse their car seats so they are not getting the protection they expect.  What Were Reading   Get your children a pet chicken.   Tame your ever-growing to-do list.   Luck is a skill set.   Cutting your calories may make you live longer.   Want more muscles? Your guide to protein.) = 1
(Not all the photographers in the book  which started as a 2015 exhibition at the George Eastman Museum  have green thumbs or scientific backgrounds. But all of them use photography as a way to frame nature and to explore humanitys complex relationship to it.  We see points where photographers are taking pictures of garden-related subjects  a vase of flowers, for example  but really that vase of flowers tells us more about how we see and about photography than it tells us about a vase of flowers, Ms. Allen said.  Photos of flowers in vases, in fact, appear often in the book, and each instance presents a different idea about the natural world and how we look at it. Walker Evanss photo of a vase of wilting pink roses left over from his 70th birthday celebration, for example, may be seen as a meditation on mortality. Lee Friedlanders photo of stems and leaves in a vase is a study of the power of glass and water to refract light. Jo Whaleys image of an iris awkwardly coiled into an unusual glass container, Ms. McNear writes, reflects humankinds inclination to control and categorize nature.) = 1
(BARCELONA  This Passover I am in Spain, land of Jewish ghosts. Spain was once a place where Jewish piety and poetry flourished. Now it is full of neglected sites and abandoned synagogues. Fewer than 50,000 Jews remain.  Although Spains history is particular, its outlines are sadly familiar. To travel almost anywhere in the world as a Jew is a tour of loss. Its a tour Ive been taking: I have spent several months on sabbatical seeking out vestiges of Jewish life in Asia, in the Middle East and now in Europe. Each country Ive visited  whether Buddhist, Hindu, Islamic, Christian or Communist  bears marks of a once flourishing Jewish population.  With rare exceptions, there are three kinds of synagogues that survive at all. There are those that whisper their history through the faded remnant of a Jewish star on a stone above the arch of a building now serving as a mosque, a church or a department store. There is the historic synagogue, no longer in use, that is preserved by the waning Jewish community or the government as a monument to what once was. And there is the synagogue that still functions, but all too often only for the handful of older people who still care, and who pray with the ever-present consciousness that no one will come after.) = 1
(Boston  After the April 2013 bombing of the Boston Marathon, which killed three people and injured many others, prosecutors brought a rare capital case in Massachusetts, seeking and securing the death penalty against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, the surviving attacker.  At least five others were also charged in the sweeping investigation.  Three of Mr. Tsarnaevs college classmates came to the attention of federal officials and eventually spent time in prison: Dias Kadyrbayev and Azamat Tazhayakov, who hindered the governments investigation by removing evidence from Mr. Tsarnaevs dormitory room, and Robel Phillipos, who was convicted of lying to the F.B.I.  Another man, Stephen Silva, pleaded guilty to drug and weapons charges; although he had no direct connection to the bombing, he had previously lent Mr. Tsarnaev a handgun, its serial number filed off, that was used by the Tsarnaevs to kill a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer.  Khairullozhon Matanov, a friend of Tamerlan Tsarnaev, Dzhokhar Tsarnaevs older brother and accomplice in the marathon attack, admitted to deceiving investigators about his ties to the brothers and was ordered to prison.  Tamerlan Tsarnaevs widow, Katherine Russell, was also the subject of investigation and widespread speculation in the news media, but the authorities never brought a case against her.  Charleston, S.C.  Photo  Dylann S. Roof, the white supremacist who killed nine black churchgoers in Charleston, S.C., in June 2015, was captured the day after his rampage. About three months later, federal agents arrested one of Mr. Roofs friends and accused him of lying to investigators and withholding information about the planned attack.  The friend, Joseph C. Meek Jr., ultimately pleaded guilty and described how Mr. Roof had told him of his preparations for the attack, including trips to Charleston to scout out the church and his plans to carry ammunition in a fanny pack.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  Mr. Meek, who was never called to testify at Mr. Roofs trial, was sentenced to 27 months in prison. He is expected to be released in September, according to the federal Bureau of Prisons.  Mr. Roof, convicted by a federal jury in December 2016, was sentenced to death.  Las Vegas  Photo  Despite some fears that Stephen Paddock, who opened fire in October on the Las Vegas Strip, had help from a second gunman, law enforcement officials now believe that he acted alone when he killed 58 people and wounded hundreds of others.  The investigation, though, led to the arrest of an ammunition dealer, who was accused of manufacturing armor-piercing bullets without having a proper license. The dealer, Douglas Haig, acknowledged meeting Mr. Paddock and selling him ammunition, but has said he had no contribution to what Paddock did.  I had no way to see into his mind, he said. The product that I sold him had absolutely nothing to do with what he did. Im a vendor. Im a merchant whose name was released.  Mr. Paddocks girlfriend, Marilou Danley, who was questioned extensively after the attack, will not be charged, the authorities said in January.  San Bernardino, Calif.  Photo  A married couples terrorist attack in San Bernardino, Calif., in December 2015 led to a series of prosecutions, including one against a man who bought two assault rifles that were used in the rampage.  Enrique Marquez Jr. pleaded guilty in February 2017 to providing material support and resources to terrorists for his role in plotting attacks with Syed Rizwan Farook. The men never carried out their planned assaults, which targeted Riverside City College and freeway commuters, but Mr. Farook used Mr. Marquez as a straw purchaser to buy weapons that were later used in San Bernardino. Mr. Marquez, who faces up to 25 years in prison, has not yet been sentenced.  The federal government also secured guilty pleas  for conspiracy to commit immigration fraud  from Mr. Farooks brother and sister-in-law. Mr. Marquezs wife pleaded guilty to conspiracy, perjury and false statements charges that were brought when investigators discovered what they described as a sham marriage to Mr. Marquez.  Mr. Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, were killed in a gun battle with the police after a pursuit.  Advertisement Continue reading the main story  No charges  Many investigations do not lead to charges. After a man killed 10 people at a community college in rural Oregon in 2015, for example, the authorities found that he acted alone and did not prosecute anyone. And officials in Texas have not brought any charges linked to Novembers attack on a church in Sutherland Springs, in which 26 people were killed.) = 1
(MEMPHIS  The 50th anniversary of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.s assassination on April 4 should have been an opportunity for the nation  and especially those who live in the city where he was killed  to reckon with the issue that he died fighting for: the right of workers to earn a living wage.  But for that reckoning to happen, we must acknowledge that the economic system and political structures that perpetuated poverty then are still in force now. And that the people who keep workers poor still too often get a pass.  In the last years of his life, with Jim Crow in retreat, Dr. King turned to what he labeled the three evils  poverty, militarism and racism  that kept black people in bondage. In 1968, he was planning the Poor Peoples Campaign when black ministers invited him to Memphis to show support for about 1,300 black sanitation workers who had gone on strike after years of low wages and poor working conditions.  Henry Loeb III, anti-union and pro-segregation, was the citys mayor. Born in 1920 in Memphis, he graduated from Phillips Academy and Brown, then served in the military during World War II before returning to Memphis to join his familys laundry business, which was founded in 1887.) = 1
